Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, we pick up.
Tim Sackton: In the morning, on… a small… Hellac.
Tim Sackton: of dry land.
Tim Sackton: In the marshes of the upper… Arson River You are standing…
Tim Sackton: The four of you, plus some Rackham Seeker.
Tim Sackton: … Listening to… A hobgoblin. Sultar, his name is.
Tim Sackton: … Red skin wearing armor… A helmet, and waving a sword around dramatically to narrate his story.
Tim Sackton: As he… outlines… … … The goals end.
Tim Sackton: the… purpose of… the… Mission that he is on for… the… Empress of Chaos.
Tim Sackton: Who you saw, Some… moments ago.
Tim Sackton: Searching for you.
Tim Sackton: wearing… a flowing… silvery…
Tim Sackton: Metal suit that seemed to flow around her as she took off into the air, flying to search for you.
Tim Sackton: Fortunately, Seeker was able to Get off a teleport before she found you, and you found yourself back here.
Tim Sackton: Sultar the Warrior.
Tim Sackton: follower of the Empress of Chaos.
Tim Sackton: Told you.
Tim Sackton: That this moment has been planned for… A decade or more.
Tim Sackton: When the Empress of Chaos would reach the strongholds, corrupt the heart of the land, and take control of the magic of Isengay.
Tim Sackton: When she did… Bye.
Tim Sackton: And he gestured, as he told you this, with his sword, stabbing like a spear, taking her spear and stabbing it through.
Tim Sackton: Somewhere, the heart of the land.
Tim Sackton: Chaos would spread, and… the Hobgoblins, under her control, would…
Tim Sackton: Rule over the titanic Ooze living in Isengay.
Tim Sackton: Wish they could then ride to victory.
Tim Sackton: Across all the humans living north and west of the Plaguelands, and… Take the good farmland there.
Tim Sackton: And we left off in the middle of the interrogation last time.
Tim Sackton: as Seeker had… wandering off, not paying attention.
Tim Sackton: … And… you… Had just asked her, asked Soltar about the ooze.
Tim Sackton: Who he told you was near Izengay, fools, but once the Empress of Chaos takes control of the magic, all will fall to her dominion.
Tim Sackton: She'll control everything.
Tim Sackton: And ride the oozed victory.
Tim Sackton: We are but her humble servants, and soon you will be too.
Tim Sackton: And so that is where we pick up.
David S. Kong: That's the first time I understood, I don't know if you all understood this last time, that they were riding the ooze, that the ooze was the… the….
Tim Sackton: No, no, no.
Mike: Where's he at?
David S. Kong: Hopefully?
Tim Sackton: Not yet.
Tim Sackton: You know, riding some other kind of… Creature made of chaos metal.
David S. Kong: You know…
David S. Kong: I wonder.
Tim Sackton: control to use.
David S. Kong: Did the Empress see us?
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Well, as far as you know, no, but….
David S. Kong: But we can now scry her.
Tim Sackton: You're gonna try.
David S. Kong: Brad Delbeth?
Mike: We can try and sky hair, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why not?
Tim Sackton: At the moment, there's a Hobgoblin standing in front of you, still under Dawa's suggestion.
David S. Kong: Right.
David S. Kong: What else do we want to learn from this guy?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where did the… where did the Empress come from? She's been planning this… how long has she been around?
David S. Kong: Yeah, tell us the story about the Empress.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Takes his sword, and he… and he holds it up.
Tim Sackton: The Empress! Great Empress!
Tim Sackton: She has been here.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: many years.
Tim Sackton: Hold on one sec.
Tim Sackton: Eric!
Mike: Hey!
David S. Kong: Ayyyo.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's… how's everybody doing?
Tim Sackton: Where we just picked up at the… with the Hobgoblin interrogation.
David S. Kong: We're doing good. The one thing that we have not done, which, Seeker has not heard anything about, is any Chaos meta. Just, like, pretend…
David S. Kong: There has been no conversation about that, that does not exist. It's just, there's no… no such metal. Only… only normal things that are not chaos.
Eric Rosenbaum: Coincidence, Beaker has a new… he's gonna go to grad school, that's dissertation topic, actually.
David S. Kong: Fuck. I'd pay off medals.
David S. Kong: Their theory and applications.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike: His Philosopher's Guild, dissertation study.
Mike: The source of chaos Metals.
Mike: Oh wait, can we send a message to Tolin and ask the Philosopher's Guild what Chaos Medals are?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, good idea.
Tim Sackton: You have to go there in person. I mean, you could teleport there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Be right back.
Mike: They don't accept… they don't accept requests by… Remotely.
David S. Kong: By Zoom.
Mike: I mean… that might be worth doing.
David S. Kong: Yeah, awkward.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the cast metal is, like, the liquid armor of the Hobgoblin.
Eric Rosenbaum: 15, or whatever.
David S. Kong: Yes. I'm reading… I'm reading Terminator 2, basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm getting that vibe also.
Mike: But, but, more like a shell around a Hobgoblin.
Mike: I think. Not, like, a pure replacement, right?
Tim Sackton: that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's like, there's a… Those are red.
Mike: There's a hobgoblin inside there.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: But the, ….
Eric Rosenbaum: common.
Mike: the….
Eric Rosenbaum: The spear also, or no?
Tim Sackton: Well, you couldn't get a good enough look, really.
Mike: But was the, was the creature also made out of something like this? Probably, right?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: the centipede.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Centipede.
David S. Kong: I thought the cementipede was mechanical.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sort of.
David S. Kong: Well, when I looked at it, it wasn't alive, it wasn't like a bee.
Tim Sackton: It's not alive, no, no, it's more magical than mechanical, it's like….
David S. Kong: Okay, so….
Tim Sackton: Glowing metal sort of creeping across the landscape and making this giant booming noise as massive cavities open on its back and unleash billowing ash and then slam shut and then open again.
Eric Rosenbaum: makes the ash? Is it… like, what powers that thing?
Tim Sackton: Chaos, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Goodness.
Eric Rosenbaum: But does it have to get burned?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it consumed?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: Let's, ….
Tim Sackton: Thinker is lost in thought, as Soltar the Hobgoblin is telling the story of… The Empress of Chaos.
Eric Rosenbaum: Writing down runic equations for combustion.
Tim Sackton: Even… Even when I was a small one, she was leading us.
Tim Sackton: She has… ruled the Iron Fang for… Decades.
Tim Sackton: Some say she cannot die. She has been with us for a century or more.
Tim Sackton: our… History, though, since the… horrific betrayal by the Shattered Ice Hobgoblins. We have lived in the…
Tim Sackton: Scraplands, Easter, the Istaros. She has kept us alive.
Tim Sackton: Of course.
Tim Sackton: The Great Empress.
Tim Sackton: But now… Finally, We will thrive.
Mike: And he points his sword.
Tim Sackton: And you will pay.
Mike: And… You must have some… planned for, … defeating… The humans scattered here.
Tim Sackton: Pathetic humans?
Tim Sackton: They will die to our swords and our spears!
Tim Sackton: No challenge they pose.
Eric Rosenbaum: And… the shattered ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: To where have they fled, supposing we wished?
Eric Rosenbaum: To help you defeat these enemies of yours, which way would we go?
Tim Sackton: I know not the shattered ice.
Tim Sackton: What happened to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally, they love it.
Tim Sackton: Maybe the old counts.
Tim Sackton: by the… Human scum.
Tim Sackton: Scum killing scum, good riddance.
David S. Kong: … Tell us again your plans in Izengu.
David S. Kong: Your story. Tell us the story of what you hope to do.
David S. Kong: In great detail.
Tim Sackton: I will do nothing but bow before my empress, And she…
Tim Sackton: pierces the heart of the land with the Chaos Spear.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And in doing so, takes control.
Tim Sackton: of the… What did she call it?
Tim Sackton: The Vertex of Limbo?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems important.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Another person trying to smush different planes together?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're, we're….
Eric Rosenbaum: with Limbo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where is the heart of the land? For truly, we wish to avoid it due to our great terror.
Tim Sackton: The Empress of Chaos tells us all will be revealed when it is necessary.
Tim Sackton: She knows the way.
Tim Sackton: She will lead us to glory!
Mike: How many spears does she lead?
Mike: Your swords. How many swords… how many soldiers?
Mike: How mighty an army are you?
Tim Sackton: as… as you.
Mike: You would count.
Tim Sackton: 4,200 strong, more than enough to wipe out all the puny creatures, elves, dwarves, halflings, humans, all of you will die on this plateau to our swords.
Mike: And is that your full strength? None left behind?
Tim Sackton: That is mighty army.
Tim Sackton: Only the weak and the old stay behind, the cowardly fools, who will not ride to glory with the Empress of Chaos.
Mike: Oh, hmm.
Mike: Hmm, that's… that's a good idea.
Mike: We should… we should… we should… that's perfect.
Mike: ….
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could, like, teleport her in.
Mike: Well, but let's put this guy in the mirror, that's a good idea.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
David S. Kong: Hey, what happened to the wyvern?
David S. Kong: What happens in the mirror these days? Mirror. No, we took it out and flew it. Like, you rode it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put it back in when it's done.
David S. Kong: Oh, we put it back.
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gloriously in battle.
Tim Sackton: No, the Wyvern is kind of… …
Tim Sackton: That's not what you'd call exactly tamed? It more tolerates Welby.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Due to his massive animal charisma, and….
David S. Kong: It's like the rest of us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Due to my massive animal charisma.
Tim Sackton: So, it's not something you really want to just leave around, just out in the open.
Mike: Right.
David S. Kong: I'll say to… I'll say to everybody else in, I don't know, Dunmari or something, is there anything else we ask this guy, or should we put him in the mirror?
David S. Kong: I think we've, we've learned A good amount. Yeah, let's put them in the mirror.
Mike: when… when… Should we anticipate our death?
Mike: Mighty Warrior, from your… from your… patriots and soldiers.
Tim Sackton: You wish to die with honor and prepare. That is… that is wise, elf.
Tim Sackton: Your death will be upon you.
Tim Sackton: N… … Wait, what is today? Hold on, I need to look at my timeline.
Tim Sackton: One sec. It's August 7th in the morning.
David S. Kong: Add this to my iCal, will die on….
Tim Sackton: In 6 days.
Mike: And you will attack in the dawn or the evening? What's the plan?
Mike: I would not wish to be surprised by my death.
Mike: The Empress will make battle plans appropriate to the situation that we find. Of course.
Tim Sackton: We expect no opposition.
Tim Sackton: For the iron scourge will eat all before it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just the big centipede thing?
Tim Sackton: It is our warbeast, yes!
Mike: What can it do?
Mike: Do you have any stories of its prowess and valor?
Eric Rosenbaum: It was honestly a little scary.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, what do you….
Tim Sackton: Welby spins around, looking at something behind him, as… as he says.
Mike: bet.
Tim Sackton: What can Iron Scourge do? What can't it do?
Tim Sackton: Eat, climb, destroy?
Tim Sackton: You think your plateau keeps you safe? Ha! I spit on your plateau.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does he spit on the plateau?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he literally spits on the plateau, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby gives a… a little wave, and … and calls out, don't… don't worry, this is just… this is typical…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is how this always… we're taking care of this, don't… Don't sweat it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): … Do you wanna… do you want me to hobgoblin?
Tim Sackton: … Creeping out from behind a tree, you see a small lizardfolk boy, maybe… 10 or 12 years old.
Tim Sackton: Fishing gear strapped to his back.
Tim Sackton: a little… pack of, like, two or three, like, two or three lizardfolk and humans, kind of.
Tim Sackton: In the dis- like, hiding behind, some fallen logs.
Tim Sackton: I ain't him any… He, like, begins to creep out. His eyes are wide.
Tim Sackton: Bright, interested, and also scared, and super curious, and… Says, in halting common.
Tim Sackton: is… Is it dangerous?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The lizardfolk spins….
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: The Hoggoblin spins around and points its sword. You bring me sacrifices? And Goblin.
Tim Sackton: I am ready!
Tim Sackton: To demonstrate my prowess in battle before you are puny younglings who you bring to… to die.
Mike: Nope.
Mike: dealt with a sort of stand between the Hobgoblin and the wizardfolk, though.
Mike: Your prowess should not be tested on such a…
Mike: such a young one. That would not be worthy of your stories and honor.
Mike: Stay here. Do not… do not advance.
Mike: Do not threaten the young one.
Tim Sackton: My stories will threaten everybody who hears them. How can you demand such a thing of me?
Tim Sackton: I tell of the greatness of our army.
Tim Sackton: Is that not threatening to you?
Mike: Vary, but… But he can't understand you.
Mike: I will repeat the story to carry forward the threat. Do not fear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Tim Sackton: Repeat it in the exact right tone of… Danger.
Tim Sackton: Holds his sword out.
Tim Sackton: But I understand the… Shallow minds of those little folk cannot understand the great language of our people.
Mike: I'll turn to the humans and wizardfolk and tell them This is… This is a dangerous… Hobgoblin…
Mike: we've captured. Please.
Mike: go away, before he, you know, back off, go back into hiding, don't come out. He's, he's not, safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Seeker sneaks over to the child and said, But…
Eric Rosenbaum: If you can hide and listen, perhaps reveal yourself just a bit, because this creature likes to think he's very scary. He's not, actually. But he likes to think he is, so just shiver a little bit and look afraid.
Eric Rosenbaum: That will help us.
Tim Sackton: He kind of opens his eyes and, like, crouches down.
Tim Sackton: Do you do… do you do magic?
Eric Rosenbaum: Sometimes.
Tim Sackton: I wanna see magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: … Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Typically, … takes, … finds, …
Eric Rosenbaum: something. He scuffs with his foot around, on the forest floor near us, or were we under some trees or something?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're… you're on, like, a… there's, like… it's mostly marshy, but there's, like, a few small hills that are dry land, and when you… when Marcella took you away to talk… away from the…
Tim Sackton: What she said last night, there was, like, a few little huts. She led you away from the hut so as to not bother the children.
Tim Sackton: And took you up to this small hill, where there's, like, a grove of pine trees.
Tim Sackton: growing on the hill, and that's where you're standing now. So you're sort of in the
Tim Sackton: An open interior of a grove of trees growing around the side of the cell.
Eric Rosenbaum: As we know, under….
Tim Sackton: Here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pine trees, suppress undergrowth with the acidity of their needles, with the exception of mosses. And so, Seeker lifts a little patch of moss
Eric Rosenbaum: Raves a puff of magic into it, and it crawls off of his hand onto a tree root.
Eric Rosenbaum: And wanders around… exploring.
Tim Sackton: You are so cool, dwarf!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's your new pet mossy. It will only last an hour.
Tim Sackton: My… my name's Lazar, what's… what's your name?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm Seeker.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna go hide like the elf said, but can you do more magic later?
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course, remember, just act scared of the hopgot when he likes that.
Tim Sackton: You're so scary, he says as he backs out.
Tim Sackton: And he, like, goes, and he's clearly, like, the leader of this little group. He goes to shush all the other kids, like.
Tim Sackton: Scared.
Tim Sackton: Hi, Uncle.
Tim Sackton: And back away.
Tim Sackton: Your younglings are pathetic!
Eric Rosenbaum: They're terrified of you, of course.
Tim Sackton: I am terrifying!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Mike: I'll say again in Denmark. Any other questions?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wonder if any of the lizardfolk or humans might have ideas about where this heart of the land is that they're going to?
Mike: I think we bring that up at the meeting Marcella suggested is happening later.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put this guy in the mirror?
Mike: I think so.
Mike: … I'll tell him, … There's, …
Mike: there's something we… I'd like… I'd like you to be able to see your own prowess. It's quite terrifying.
Mike: Could you just hold on a minute?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby spreads out the hole and climbs down in to bring the mirror out, set it up.
Mike: I just show it to him.
Tim Sackton: He looks… I am, indeed.
Tim Sackton: I am indeed quite te- and then vanishes.
Mike: While the mayor's out, I'm gonna call up, … let's call up, … what's her name? Revka? Was that her name?
Tim Sackton: Rivaca, yeah.
Mike: Rivaka.
Tim Sackton: The mirror clears, and Revaca appears.
Tim Sackton: What?
Mike: Remember, I still have glitches?
Mike: I solvedness.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: … Let you go… Mmm.
Mike: You haven't done anything to convince us that that would be a wise or safe course of action.
Mike: But I did have a question for you.
Mike: If you, … answered it, it might allow us to reconsider some of our, …
Mike: decisions over time. You build trust, you know, by answering questions now and then.
Tim Sackton: What is your question?
Mike: The Iron Fang Clan and the Shattered Ice Clan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of Hobgoblins.
Mike: Do they mean anything to you?
Mike: Either one.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: They must come after your time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How about Chaos Metal? I'll say to deal with.
Mike: I'll ask her about Chaos Metal.
Tim Sackton: Never heard of such thing.
Tim Sackton: Big sentence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Heart of the land?
David S. Kong: Vortex of the Heart of the land, the vortex thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Vertex of Limbo, or was it Vortex of Limbo?
Mike: I wouldn't ask her about too many weird magical things.
Mike: ….
Eric Rosenbaum: But… Why not?
Mike: I guess, why not? What's she gonna do?
Mike: We have, …
Mike: Wait, how much do we… I can't remember, Tim, how much…
Mike: how much I know about her, because of background stuff we talked about, versus what we actually know about.
Tim Sackton: No, you know that… you know that she was the granddaughter of Avatas, Avatas's court wizard, and you know that she was ruling some small little rump.
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblin Dominion in the hills somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Possibly right here in Arbez.
Tim Sackton: before Shemat, and she refused to join
Tim Sackton: Shamut's army, and was trapped in the mirror… attempted to trap Shemut in the mirror, and he was like, haha, no.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: And trapped her in the mirror.
Mike: … And do we know… But we…
Mike: We have a pretty… we have good reason to believe that Iron Fang is somehow related to Shumut's armies, right?
Mike: Yes. Eduina, yeah, okay.
Mike: ….
Tim Sackton: I think you would know the history… I mean, you would know the history of the Great War. Like, the Iron Fang was actually from my notes, from the high school campaign, the Hobgoblin army that besieged Isenday.
Mike: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: But… Wait, so it isn't gayle, or is it from high school?
Tim Sackton: Isn't Gay was called… it was a Tolkien name in high school. It was, like, Erebor, or something like that.
Mike: It was Erebor. But it was where Beryl was from.
Tim Sackton: It was where Beryl is, Beryl's hometown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that where we started, Airport? Yeah. At the very, very beginning.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it the nature of hobgoblins to be, like, violent and warlike and destructive? Like, really, really what I'm thinking is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If, say, we let her out, and tried to set her up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To take over her people, or this clan, or this area, or something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is it possible to do, like, a political treaty with Hobgoblins in the way you could with humans? Or are you.
Tim Sackton: That's….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inevitably gonna come pillage.
Tim Sackton: So… Hobgoblins… the sort of…
Tim Sackton: Well, it's a little bit… it's a little bit complicated, because it's… it's a little bit unclear whether Hubgoblins were…
Tim Sackton: you know, whether the situation might have been different pre-Shimud, but Hobgoblins, canonically, are… …
Tim Sackton: They have no divine magic, they have no gods.
Tim Sackton: And… Shamut was, like, very interested in making them
Tim Sackton: His allies, because he wanted to go kill all the gods.
Tim Sackton: So they were natural allies. …
Tim Sackton: But there have been, you know, Hobgoblin… like, Welby would know, actually, the Shattered Eye, like, this is a…
Tim Sackton: there was… Sambara fought a bunch of hobgoblin… wars… in the…
Tim Sackton: You know, they all ended, like, 100 years ago, so this is, like, ancient history, but…
Tim Sackton: wellby would know, shattered Ice, there was a whole…
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblin Kingdom, led by the Shattered Ice Clan that had a peace treaty with Sambara for 40 years.
Tim Sackton: So it's not inevitable, it's just… Shemat was very much… Very strongly, like, preaching, like.
Tim Sackton: You're better than everybody else, like, these puny other races depend on the gods, you're strong, you're, you know…
Tim Sackton: You're great, you stand on your own, and so there's a lot of, like.
Tim Sackton: You know, hobgoblin supremacy kind of lingering.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the… the wizard that we have trapped in the mirror was rejecting that specifically, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or was just one.
Tim Sackton: No, well, I mean, she was not a good person. She…
Tim Sackton: But she… she just wa… she had ruled
Tim Sackton: Her… she was the granddaughter of the… of the court wizard for… Avatus, who was, like, …
Tim Sackton: a dictator, basically. Like, … like, you know, an emperor in the sort of bad days of the Roman emperor vibe, right? Like, took over a bunch of land, ruled it with an iron fist.
Tim Sackton: Very much about, like, enriching the elite.
Tim Sackton: and… She wanted… she… Her family had that… guy was… killed.
Tim Sackton: by the Sambara, Dominion of Avatus fell apart.
Tim Sackton: her family was very much like, you know, the Nazis who fled to Argentina or whatever, but who…
Tim Sackton: you know, wanted to kind of regain some of their power, but she wasn't interested. She thought…
Tim Sackton: She thought Avatus overextended himself, you know, if he had stayed in this small little kingdom, he could have kept
Tim Sackton: power, right? So she was very… not… she was parochial, and not expansionist, but not, you know, a nice person.
Mike: So… I'm actually just gonna… why not just ask? I'm gonna ask her. …
Mike: We have a bit of a… problem… with, … a hobgoblin…
Mike: Clan… clan's the right word, right? I'll go up and clan.
Mike: … the Iron Fang, who seemed to be ruled by some… powerful empress.
Mike: … they're… spreading… Out of their territory in a very aggressive way.
Mike: And we're not… Too bothered about whether they keep their territory.
Mike: If they… as long as they, … Stop trying to spread.
Mike: And come out to the west and the north and attack the human kingdoms.
Mike: … We wonder… If you would, …
Mike: If we found a way to, …
Mike: Overthrow their leader.
Mike: Would you take… Would you be in a position to take control and make a treaty with us?
Tim Sackton: She's clearly thinking.
Mike: It seemed to….
Tim Sackton: Quite an interesting proposal that you make.
Tim Sackton: What's your minimum persuasion role with glibness?
Mike: 27?
Tim Sackton: Nevermind.
Tim Sackton: ….
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Tim Sackton: I… You know?
Tim Sackton: Certainly give it a go.
Tim Sackton: Where is their territory?
Mike: Well, there's… there's a small catch. It's not…
Mike: It's… it's not what I describe as the best land in the world.
Mike: … So, Shemut… Did a bit of damage to the land.
Mike: And… These days, the humans call it the plaguelands?
Mike: It's… it's not quite as….
David S. Kong: Bad market.
Mike: as….
David S. Kong: bad part.
Mike: It's not… it's not quite as… I'm just giving her… this is like… that wasn't saying this in a persuasive way, right? It's… it's not… the… the point is to be like, yeah, there's… there's a little bit of a catch, but, like, this is the catch, like…
Mike: it's like the… why would we be offering this? Well, the catch is…
Mike: the land is kind of… it's kind of rough. It's not like you can't survive… it's not like you can't survive there, but the humans call it the Plague lands and think it's totally….
David S. Kong: It's a little plaggy. Just a little plaggy.
Mike: But it's not still play… I mean, the point is, it's just… it's been ruined by Shemut, but, like, maybe it'll come back someday. It's not impossible that it could.
Mike: Especially with the right, you know, stewards of the land, and the Hobgoblins clearly make a living, you know, survive out there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Totally, and with the right sort of wizard who could use their great intellect and magical powers to find solutions to it?
Mike: But, but the point is to be like.
Mike: That was my goal is to be, like.
Mike: make her think this is, like, why are we offering this?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, no, I get it, yep.
Mike: we could, … it's not a land that I'm…
Mike: Deeply familiar with, but we could certainly find out more.
Tim Sackton: I'm not gonna say no.
Tim Sackton: I'm only hesitating.
Mike: I am….
Tim Sackton: Shall we say, under-resourced?
Mike: Okay, is it possible to soul sight through the mirror?
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Different plane of existence.
Mike: Is there an in-game way of asking what the highest level spell you can cast is?
Tim Sackton: Sure. There must be, right? Like….
David S. Kong: Ask something to be true, and it becomes true.
Mike: I'll ask her what the highest level spell she can cast is.
Mike: You probably haven't made up her stats.
Tim Sackton: No, I did.
Tim Sackton: I actually statted her out because, well, she was… I mean, you might have… I have everybody in the mirror statted out, because there's always the risk the mirror's gonna shatter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: … Seventh.
Mike: It's pretty powerful.
Mike: So… We wouldn't, …
Mike: We need to learn some more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Simulacrum her and put her back.
Mike: But… The simulacrum would be under our control, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it would. It's under the control of whoever casts the spell.
Mike: Oh, really?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: of the midst of miraculums of us.
Mike: Oh, yeah, of course. Right, right, right, right.
Mike: I mean, we could always try taking her out, it's just there's a certain risk to that, that she might… I mean, we could…
Mike: Unless she has teleport memorized, that would be the danger.
Mike: Is that she still has teleport, and as soon as you take her out, she teleports to some base of hers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Counterspelled?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you mean, under-resourced, though?
Tim Sackton: She, like, looks over her shoulder, her other shoulder, It's just me here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you need?
Mike: I was gonna ask the same question.
Tim Sackton: I need more information about the Iron Fang.
Mike: They must have been….
Tim Sackton: What, part of Shemat's army?
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: I need information.
Tim Sackton: And I need to be sure that… There is.
Tim Sackton: Total chaos among the leadership.
Tim Sackton: to create a power vacuum I can walk into.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we want to… do we want to give her the other hub government to talk to?
Mike: Hmm.
Mike: would you… Would you like… to meet.
Mike: One of the warriors of the Iron Fang.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's sort of an idiot.
Mike: But… You might be able to learn something from him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we may be asking the wrong questions.
Tim Sackton: Mmm.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure I could learn something even from an idiot.
Mike: But all we can do is merge the two cells, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you lose one more cell.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or we can take him out and have him talk to her from the outside?
David S. Kong: No, can't we… can we take… can't we take the dumb one out, and then just put them in? The other one?
Mike: I like the idea of merging the cells, though, because if he, like… if she can't suborn him, or find a way to deal with him, it's like a good test, right? Like, if he ends up killing her, then….
David S. Kong: He's not gonna do that.
Mike: I don't think he's going to either, but, like… But we lose a cell in the mirror, can we… is it, like, Excel spreadsheet? Can you unmerge and, like, make another….
Tim Sackton: there is… there should theoretically be a way to… I mean, you've got a lot of empty cells right now, because Hector is gone.
Tim Sackton: We apply.
Mike: I think… I think we have plenty of cells. Plus, in theory, it shouldn't be that hard to learn more about it. Plus…
Mike: I think it… I think it… it works well on multiple levels, because….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I agree.
Mike: if it, like, gives a decent test of her capabilities, right? Like, if she comes out of this with him
Mike: Loyal to her.
Mike: then… … That's a good… that's some evidence that she might be able to succeed, right?
David S. Kong: But hold on, would we ever want to want them to interrogate the other deeds separately? Because once they're together, we can't really separate them, right?
Mike: True.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can… But we couldn't take….
Tim Sackton: You can't separate them, because you could… you could release both of them.
Tim Sackton: And then put them back into new, empty cells.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but wouldn't it be better to just take him out, and then put him in?
Mike: Maybe we wait. Why don't we…
Mike: Why don't we just… I'm gonna… Let's tell her that…
Mike: I'm just gonna tell her, you know, We do have, ….
David S. Kong: Captain.
Mike: They're a captive.
Mike: In this mirror with you, and…
Mike: Once we're done interrogating him, we'll give you a shot.
David S. Kong: But isn't it… isn't it the case? Like, I mean, literally, can't we just pull him out of the mirror and then just put him in her cell?
Tim Sackton: No, the cells… …
Tim Sackton: You can't… you can't put two people in one cell, because they… the cells fit… you can only… the… the next empty cell gets filled whenever you put a person in.
Tim Sackton: You can't choose which cell to put somebody in. You can collapse… you can merge two cells together.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But that just creates another…
Tim Sackton: empty, so you can only merge cells together if they're already occupied. Then you can have two people together.
David S. Kong: But that just creates one… that just means you have one fewer cells. Yeah. Until we figure out how to split cells.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, at some point, you might figure out how to split cells.
Mike: Why haven't we asked one of our many research assistants on Vintra to figure out how to split shells? I mean, that's a rhetorical question, I'm saying, we should really.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do that. Let's add that to… Seeker, we have, like, a research questions tab, right? There's, like, a whole, stuff to research.
Eric Rosenbaum: There should be.
Mike: For now, let's just tell her…
Mike: as soon as we're done interrogating this guy, we're gonna give her to him. Him to her.
Mike: Right?
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: and… that once we have more information about the Iron Fang, we'll share it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, while… while you're… while you're telling her that,
Tim Sackton: You see the little lizardfolk boy?
Tim Sackton: Creeping forward. Is that a magic mirror?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't, don't look in the mirror, don't look in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, but yes, it is a magic mirror, it's pretty amazing.
Tim Sackton: You guys are so cool!
Tim Sackton: I oughta grow up to be like you.
David S. Kong: This is all very adorable.
Tim Sackton: So you're done with Rivaka?
Mike: Yes, well, well…
Mike: After the… after we meet with the… with the council and see if there's anybody other questions they want to ask of our captive.
Mike: We'll merge the cells.
Tim Sackton: So, the mirror fades… … you see… a… older…
Tim Sackton: lizardfolk woman kind of walking… walking up towards you from down by the swamps, clearly, like, looking… looking…
Tim Sackton: After these children, coming from the little cluster of huts.
Tim Sackton: And she kind of waves.
Tim Sackton: shouts and, again, sort of halting common. Actually, good common. … Strangers.
Tim Sackton: These children are not bothering you, are they?
Mike: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: No. We ourselves appreciate curiosity.
Tim Sackton: She kind of pushes… pushes her way through the… the… the kid… like, towards the kids, and, like, shoes them all together.
Tim Sackton: Come, children, don't… don't bother the… travelers.
Tim Sackton: You… you must be… Marisala's friends, no?
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry, there's just… Not much entertainment here these days.
Tim Sackton: Kind of looks around nervously. Come, don't… Don't, don't.
Tim Sackton: Are you… staying? Do you need…
Tim Sackton: food, there's not much to go around, but… We can provide, if necessary.
Mike: We do… we appreciate the offer, but…
Mike: Save it for your own use.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Come, children, stop, and the little… the little boy's, like, pointing at Seeker. He does magic!
Tim Sackton: No child.
Tim Sackton: Let's… let's let them be.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure they have important things to do.
Tim Sackton: Begins to, like, shuffle the kids away. …
Tim Sackton: Heading back down towards this, like, little cluster of huts.
Tim Sackton: There doesn't seem to be that many people around, besides her and the children.
Mike: …
Mike: I'm gonna just look at one second, ….
Tim Sackton: So, what do you want to do next?
Mike: Marcella… was supposed to meet us in the… I forget what the plan was with Marcella.
Tim Sackton: Marcella told you that there was a council in… three wells.
Tim Sackton: a war council today.
Tim Sackton: That was starting today.
Tim Sackton: … that she…
Tim Sackton: if you had any news, she urged you to bring it there. She told you 3 Wells is…
Tim Sackton: 20 miles upriver, something like that.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: But she was going there.
Mike: This morning, or was she going there last night, or is she, like… has she left already to get there?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she left, like, pre-dawn.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she talked to her at, like, 2 in the morning, and she was, like, getting ready to set out on the journey, practically.
Mike: So we should head that way.
Mike: We can sell animal shapes, so let's just animal shapes into…
Mike: Hasn't been 24 hours, has it?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You don't wanna just teleport there?
Mike: We don't….
Eric Rosenbaum: 20 miles north, that's enough information for me to accidentally teleport. I'm, like, completely confident at this point.
Mike: Aren't we kinda low at 7th level spots?
Tim Sackton: Do you even have a teleport slot left? I don't think you do, because you…
Tim Sackton: Use your 7th, 8th, and 9th level spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: dope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. I don't know if my, character sheet is currently accurate in that regard.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see a 7th and 8th marked off, but not the 9th, but maybe that's….
Tim Sackton: Oh, the 9th was to teleport back to the marshes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, no, we can't, teleport.
Tim Sackton: I mean, Seeker 4 can teleport you, but….
Mike: But we shouldn't.
Tim Sackton: But also, we shouldn't… we shouldn't wait.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It'll ship the flyover.
Tim Sackton: that some Lacrum spell slots don't come back. That's true.
Mike: We shouldn't waste them.
Mike: Let's just… I mean, we could… the wizardfolk wants to see magic? Okay, let's turn into birds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, you turn into birds and you…
Tim Sackton: launching to the sky. You can see as you… As you fly up, there's… …
Tim Sackton: So there's this little cluster of hots, and as you're sort of flying up over the river on a nearby hill, there's also what seems to be a…
Tim Sackton: Cluster of tents.
Tim Sackton: Again, seemingly most… mostly occupied by the…
Tim Sackton: Very young and the very old.
Tim Sackton: Sort of hidden away a little bit in some trees.
Tim Sackton: When you fly up, following the river.
Tim Sackton: It takes you a couple of hours, but, you know, Marcella's given you good directions.
Tim Sackton: the… river, after some time, becomes less swampy.
Tim Sackton: And there's more, sort of, trees and hills.
Tim Sackton: And then Three Wells itself is on a small stream that feeds into the river.
Tim Sackton: And… You follow the stream, Upper Valley to a camp.
Tim Sackton: There's probably… 20 to 50 tenths.
Tim Sackton: Set up.
Tim Sackton: People milling about, there's a tower up on, …
Tim Sackton: Up on a hill, like a watchtower.
Tim Sackton: Cook fires, … You know, just sort of a general…
Tim Sackton: you know, scene of chaos as you crest the last rise and the valley opens before you. There's…
Tim Sackton: Banners snapping in the wind, …
Tim Sackton: Dozens of people kind of standing around, Arguing, talking… Debating with each other.
Tim Sackton: If you fly, again, over the tents, you can see at the heart of the valley, there's 3
Tim Sackton: Stone Wells, presumably where the name Three Wells comes from.
Tim Sackton: I'm… In a, like, in a sort of triangle pattern, all next to each other. …
Tim Sackton: And between them, there's a… in the middle of the three stone wells, there's a… pillar.
Tim Sackton: On which a stone bowl rests, full of water, and a ladle hanging out of it.
Tim Sackton: … And then, beyond that, sort of just beyond set, slightly, beyond the, the, …
Tim Sackton: cluster of wells, there's a larger tent, … a…
Tim Sackton: Like, like an officer's tent, like a big… a big tent that'd have room for, like, a meeting… a meeting room or something like that.
Tim Sackton: A few people note and look up.
Tim Sackton: As 5 eagles soar overhead.
Tim Sackton: Looking around at their neighbors, kind of…
Tim Sackton: a whisper kind of running through the crowd. This is, you know, not typical behavior of eagles.
Mike: Where's Vintoshana?
Mike: It's flying towards us.
Tim Sackton: It's on its way!
Mike: When's it gonna get here?
Tim Sackton: … Vinacharna… 9 AM was 96 hours away.
Tim Sackton: It's now… Say, 11.30, so it's 93 and a half hours away.
Mike: Okay, so it'll be here before the… Hopgot ones.
Tim Sackton: Yes, it should be there, like, 2 days before the holiday runs, roughly.
Mike: As an aside, have we considered using animal shapes to turn, like, hundreds of people into a massive army of beasts?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me just look at this description of that again.
Mike: It's as many people as you can see within a 30-foot… 30-foot area.
Eric Rosenbaum: So how many….
Mike: It's… there's no limit. It's just how many people can you pack?
Mike: within 30 feet of Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, that's not 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not. It's probably not hundreds.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but if you're… so you'd.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jesus.
Tim Sackton: center of a 30-foot sphere.
Tim Sackton: That's actually true.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need a lot of people.
Mike: But it's not a small number of people, right? Like, you could pack people pretty densely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, why would we do that? It's a funny idea, but….
Mike: Well, because if we come up with the right animals, they're more powerful fighters than people.
Mike: Plus, if they die, they turn back into humans. So they get two lives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not that there's some specific vulnerability of giant mechanical centipedes to a particular type of animal or anything.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: But, like… Giant eagles or something like that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: Right? Like… There's certain types of beasts that could be pretty… Powerful compared to people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we thinking about defending against an Ooze Titan, or against the Centipede thing? We're trying to prevent…
Eric Rosenbaum: The centipede thing from getting to destroy the secret heart of the… Like, or whatever.
Mike: Yeah, well, let's… let's ask… I mean, let's have a conversation with these folks first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it's funny.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what the hell.
Mike: place is, Steven.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what they're planning to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'd land on top of the tent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Carefully not pooping on it.
Mike: I mean, I think we should turn back into this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Peter, change back into humans and I'll fall through the roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: We land in front of the tent and change into people, yeah.
Mike: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or a respectful distance away, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… you land, You shift back into people.
Tim Sackton: Murmur goes to the crowd, … … you know.
Tim Sackton: A little… a little surprise at… …
Tim Sackton: You know, people just appearing, … Out of nowhere, some…
Tim Sackton: Some silence… some… You know, a little bit of quiet kind of spreads to the crowd a little bit.
Mike: Did we pass… I mean, did we pass Marcella, by the way, or do we think she's already here?
Tim Sackton: No, she's probably already here. I mean, you didn't… you didn't notice her in the crowd, but, like, now you see, actually, her, like, walking towards you as you shift back, now having drawn attention to yourself, coming out from a tent and, like, following the sign.
Tim Sackton: She sees you, and she… she walks up to you.
Tim Sackton: Made it.
Tim Sackton: You bring news.
Mike: Much news.
Mike: Mmm… little of it good.
Tim Sackton: I am… I am sure the Council will wish to speak to you.
Tim Sackton: Come, I… I've already… Told them that…
Tim Sackton: I was hoping that you would show up, and they've agreed to hear you.
Tim Sackton: Hope something can be done.
Tim Sackton: She begins to lead you towards the… you need… moment.
Mike: No. Proceed.
Tim Sackton: She leads you towards the big tent, and …
Tim Sackton: As she gets to the door, she, …
Tim Sackton: She says a couple… she turns and says a couple of things, … Before you… enter the… Council.
Tim Sackton: I guess I should have told you this before, it is tradition to I'm… not…
Tim Sackton: Green ribbons around your weapons at three wells as a symbol of… Peace.
Tim Sackton: She hands some out, … to Kenzo and…
Tim Sackton: Welby, who are the only ones who carry weapons.
Mike: Right, I was gonna say. But yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Council has… Been arguing for…
Tim Sackton: an hour now, I… I'm worried that…
Tim Sackton: Nobody knows quite what to do.
Tim Sackton: There are many… considerations here. There are people from Orsonburg.
Tim Sackton: From the militias on the plateau, the rangers, the lizardfolk.
Tim Sackton: I believe in a stoneboard messenger arrived this morning to speak.
Tim Sackton: So… I don't know what news you bring.
Mike: We will share it with the council.
Tim Sackton: Many voices I used to hear.
Mike: It's easiest to tell them all at once.
Tim Sackton: Okay, then… Palm.
Tim Sackton: And I… I would say for myself, I'm… I know that there is…
Tim Sackton: Much pressing news to discuss, but…
Tim Sackton: If you have time, maybe this evening.
Tim Sackton: I would love to hear more of… What's happened to… Hector and Vola.
Tim Sackton: And Chardon.
Tim Sackton: Was my home once, after all.
Tim Sackton: They were my friends.
Mike: Wait, Hector joined us on the Revenge of Sharda, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Hector will be here in a few days.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that is… good to hear.
Tim Sackton: I'm… I am pleased.
Mike: But yes, we can… we can share, … more tales of… goings-on in Chardon, …
Mike: When we have a moment.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: She, … Pushes the tent aside, and you step the flaps of the tent aside, and you step into
Tim Sackton: A room.
Tim Sackton: There's a table with a big map spread out on the bottom.
Tim Sackton: And the map is in Rule 20, if you want to go into Rule 20.
Tim Sackton: and 9… People standing around.
Tim Sackton: Arguing, speaking with each other.
Tim Sackton: As soon as you enter, there's… there seems… you seem to have come in in the middle of the conversation, a loud…
Tim Sackton: intense conversation. A lizardfolk woman is speaking, arguing that
Tim Sackton: More… the more lizardfolk and others skilled in archery and swamp travel that can be spared, the more they can delay the advance.
Tim Sackton: And glancing at the Stoneborn Messenger, if the Stoneborn arrive in time, that will…
Tim Sackton: Make our defenses that much easier.
Tim Sackton: Another woman with red hair wearing, sort of patched-together armor is… Speaking back against her, that…
Tim Sackton: It's too risky, lives cannot be spared, we have to defend the plateau, and a few others are here, here.
Tim Sackton: Sort of older, bald man in woolen clothes, woolen cloaks, nice, sort of impeccably dressed as…
Tim Sackton: Shaking his head at that.
Tim Sackton: And turns in nervously, but in… but loudly, But what about Orsonburg?
Tim Sackton: Who will defend us if you put all your troops on the ridgeline? Spread out in any position will be overwhelmed.
Tim Sackton: Better to defend our walls, especially as it's already packed with refugees. Leave it undefended, and the people of my city may be slaughtered by Hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: And with that, Everybody, the argument sort of dies as everybody turns to look at you.
Tim Sackton: And you look around the room, there's two lizardfolk, one older, one younger.
Tim Sackton: A stoneborn… Standing.
Tim Sackton: In the corner.
Tim Sackton: A map spread out on the table.
Tim Sackton: And 1, 2, 3, 4….
Mike: I assume these pictures in Roll 20 are all the people, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, these are… this is the council.
Mike: You should have put names on them, though, that would have been helpful.
Tim Sackton: Well, you don't know anybody's name.
Mike: Right now, but that's when we weren't heard names.
Tim Sackton: You could just add them easily enough. I can add them easily.
Mike: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very cool.
Mike: It's, it's super cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I love the map.
Mike: So the… so where are we?
Tim Sackton: You are… … Where's my…
Tim Sackton: Wait, you can't… can you see that?
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That little diamond is 3 wells.
Tim Sackton: And these….
Eric Rosenbaum: Are the….
Tim Sackton: This is the swamp.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the… the black… Line… is that, like, a cliff?
Tim Sackton: That's the.
Eric Rosenbaum: edge of the plateau. And how high is that cliff?
Tim Sackton: Between 1 and 2,500 feet… 1,000 to 2,500 feet.
Tim Sackton: There's only about 6 places where you can easily ascend it. These are these dotted lines.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, … Doc.
Tim Sackton: like, here….
Mike: The little dotted lines are like.
Eric Rosenbaum: tracks me.
Tim Sackton: That's the word.
Mike: plateau.
Tim Sackton: Here….
Eric Rosenbaum: And that… this centipede thing… as large.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it could make it up one of those.
Mike: It's gonna climb the plateau with no trouble whatsoever.
Tim Sackton: Though, the conversation dies as… Marcella kind of gives a short bow, and… The… looks to, …
Tim Sackton: This… this man here.
Mike: It's….
Tim Sackton: … Okay, okay. And it kind of gives him a little nod.
Tim Sackton: The ones I was talking about are here.
Tim Sackton: They have news.
Tim Sackton: And… Gives a little bow, and then backs out, and he stands up, and he says, I am…
Tim Sackton: Martin Strongbow.
Tim Sackton: I lead the… by the grace of… oh, that is… I need to make this white on the
Tim Sackton: Make it bigger.
Mike: Remind me how you get rid of the little annoying icons on….
Tim Sackton: Which icons?
Mike: That are people icons.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I was a….
Eric Rosenbaum: bottom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's in, … Graphics, I think?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you go to, ….
Mike: Okay, ….
Tim Sackton: Settings… Graphics… and change na- ….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, maybe not.
Tim Sackton: No, audio and video?
Mike: That's an amazingly….
Tim Sackton: Play… audio and….
Mike: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Play player video avatar size names.
Mike: Names only. Yeah, I see it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, what a terrible place for that.
Mike: That's like, oh my god, could you find a worse spot for it? Okay. I just… it was getting in my way, I couldn't see all the cool map stuff.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Martin Strongbow says, I… By the grace of my…
Tim Sackton: By the grace of the rangers, I lead the contingent here.
Tim Sackton: Please.
Tim Sackton: Tell us who you are.
Tim Sackton: And give us your news.
Tim Sackton: And as he does, the older, dark-skinned woman raises up her staff and says.
Tim Sackton: a moment, and brings forth a… …
Tim Sackton: sort of a leather water skin and takes some wooden glasses off the table and pours.
Tim Sackton: 5… is… wait, is Seek… is Seeker 4 here, too?
Tim Sackton: Earth's Secret Four still waiting as an eagle.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a good question, because it would be kind of weird, because we're, like, identical twins.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's not for you, secret.
Mike: I don't think… do you think Seeker would be bothered by this? I think… I don't think Seeker would… I think he would just be like…
Mike: There's two of me! Why is that weird?
Tim Sackton: Pours 5 cups of water and gives,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yum.
Tim Sackton: gives the double… the seeker doubles a little bit of a double take, but obviously, as heard, like, from Marcel, like, these are powerful people, right? And…
Tim Sackton: … Walks… walks over… I am… Catalan.
Tim Sackton: Please, water before words. Drink from the well.
Tim Sackton: And then you may say your piece.
Tim Sackton: Once your hands, you eat your glass.
Tim Sackton: And as she baths, you can see that she's got a, … Barrel, gemstone, worn.
Tim Sackton: Prominently around her neck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beryl. Watch, Jim?
David S. Kong: Huh?
Mike: A barrel?
David S. Kong: Like….
Mike: It's a kind of stone.
David S. Kong: ….
Mike: That's what I mean, obviously.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Barrel cultists.
Mike: Delmethyl introduce… I mean, I'll introduce… Delmethyl introduced himself as… … dealt with.
Mike: The elf.
Mike: I always forget, where is Delith originally from? What's the name of the place?
Tim Sackton: I knew Mara.
Mike: Annumara. Once of Annumara.
Mike: Now… A wanderer.
Mike: And… is there some… and, you know, raise the glass, I guess.
Mike: And sort of… Are we all supposed to drink? I don't get to all.
Tim Sackton: Just… yes, she says, oh, no ceremony, just…
Tim Sackton: Just drink, and then speak in peace.
Tim Sackton: It is, … It is just to acknowledge.
Tim Sackton: Our ancestors here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now I'll try and introduce the other one.
Mike: And gesture to, you know, his companions to introduce themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am… Seeker of high keep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And my simulacrum, Seeker IV, who quietly nods, and we both drink with an eerie simultaneity.
Mike: The exact same gesture.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then wipe our beards identically.
Tim Sackton: There's murmurs go around the room. Powerful magic indeed.
Tim Sackton: Marcello was not… He's not joking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll do Goodborough. My people are mostly in Sambara. I came down this road through Arsenburg almost 2 years ago.
Tim Sackton: the… the, … Man and the… the balding man, … in, …
Tim Sackton: You know, nice clothes, kind of…
Tim Sackton: looks as you say that and gives you a little bow. … Guillaume DuPont.
Tim Sackton: Hope our city was to your liking.
Mike: Kenzo.
David S. Kong: That's….
Tim Sackton: Are you gonna introduce yourself?
David S. Kong: … Yes.
David S. Kong: … Depends on the last name? Forgot about this.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just Kenzo, Kenzo of the Awakened Soul.
David S. Kong: Telling originally from… charted.
David S. Kong: Denmark.
Mike: 12.
Mike: No, go ahead, sorry, go ahead.
Tim Sackton: And… Marcella says, you have news.
Tim Sackton: That might help us in our debates.
Mike: We have… Scouted the enemy.
Mike: And captured one of their soldiers.
Tim Sackton: Eyes go a little wide. Indeed, that is… Impressive.
Mike: they ride… Some 4,000 of them.
Mike: A beast.
Mike: Made of… woven of magic and metal.
Mike: That spews ash from its… very being.
Mike: And can climb walls or cliffs.
Eric Rosenbaum: … Seeker makes a vivid illusion of it appear on the tabletop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Along with one to scale on the map, which it would definitely…
Eric Rosenbaum: be visible even to scale on the map, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's so large.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe a little bit to scale.
Tim Sackton: There's… Oh, sorry, this… I said human, but one of them is a halfling.
Tim Sackton: This one's a halfling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, right now.
Tim Sackton: … … There's, like, a shutter.
Tim Sackton: Goes across, especially, from… from the guy wearing a straw hat as you…
Tim Sackton: Create the image of this beast.
Tim Sackton: We'll all be killed.
Tim Sackton: There must be something you can do.
Mike: Thoughts.
Mike: We are here to discuss what can be done.
Mike: It's not hopeless.
Mike: Do not despair.
Mike: There are… many… Forces at work that can come Together to help.
Mike: But….
Eric Rosenbaum: Leadership.
Mike: Flying ship.
Mike: He'll be here in 4 days.
David S. Kong: Very cold.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've been in worse spots, it's turned out okay.
Mike: We… We have. They… they are led by…
Mike: Someone who calls herself the Empress of Chaos?
Mike: and claims… Her goal… is to…
Mike: control… the magic of isn't Gay, and take the ooze that currently lives there, as her… Servant.
Mike: And overthrow the world.
Mike: Or at least this part of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe it's an Ooze Titan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Technically.
Mike: We did see this ooze, …
Mike: We flew over Isengue some months ago.
Mike: You may not be aware of what's there, but it's a… it's quite large.
Mike: 3-400 feet across.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is something to worry about, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: What, these Hobgoblins intend to do is to destroy… The heart of the land.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what we need to know.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: A place, or a thing?
Mike: The heart of the land?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's where they're headed.
Tim Sackton: Hadolyn looks up, and… She says, her voice kind of shaking, and they say by this, they would…
Tim Sackton: Control the magic of isn't gay?
Mike: Well, the Ooze, specifically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, and it seemed like there were some bad side effects, too, like… bringing… Chaos… everywhere.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Forgetting the specifics, but it's… it's worse.
Mike: the, … Have you heard of the vertex of Limbo?
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: Hmm, that might be her thing.
Mike: I think she tends to bring the vertex of Limbo to the magic. Turn it chaotic?
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: She… she, like, holds on to the… grabs this gemstone around her neck.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Can't be, how could the… How could they know?
Mike: Move past your doubts, they know.
Tim Sackton: There is…
Tim Sackton: We have long gardens.
Tim Sackton: As far as we know, the last… Surviving.
Tim Sackton: Peace.
Tim Sackton: of… Isn't gay's magic?
Tim Sackton: The hardware.
Eric Rosenbaum: It wasn't.
Tim Sackton: heart rate.
David S. Kong: The what? The heart fruit?
Tim Sackton: Heart Root.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Mike: What is it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damn.
Tim Sackton: She looks around. Specifically, she looks at The stone board.
Tim Sackton: Simcala.
Tim Sackton: And then she nods to the five of you.
Tim Sackton: And… Seekers.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: While being dealt with. You are not…
Tim Sackton: Part of our community, and those secrets have not been shared with you.
Tim Sackton: Trust.
Tim Sackton: All of you.
Tim Sackton: But I must ask… That you… swear on oath… On whatever will bind you.
Tim Sackton: But this information does not leave this room.
David S. Kong: Oh, Tim, quick soul side to everybody in the room.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: Stop.
David S. Kong: approximate, like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, what is your… what is the vibe you're trying to get here?
David S. Kong: Yeah, well, I just watched, number one, just get a sense of, like, you know.
David S. Kong: what everybody's specialty is, and kind of how powerful they are. And then, atmosphere. Like, anybody, everybody, you know, what's the, what's the kind of general vibe? Scared, nervous, lying?
Tim Sackton: Great.
David S. Kong: Wrist plant, you know.
Tim Sackton: You know, mostly… A mix of… Scared and nervous.
Tim Sackton: Particularly Guillaume.
Tim Sackton: The guy from Urzenberg.
Tim Sackton: Scared and determined.
Tim Sackton: Martin, the captain.
Tim Sackton: And just kind of scared and scared, the guy with the straw hat who hasn't introduced himself yet.
Tim Sackton: But there's some… some value of scared, basically, running through this entire… Council Chamber.
David S. Kong: Anybody… what's the… anybody particularly powerful, or are they all kind of….
Tim Sackton: The only… the only ones who are… More powerful than a… And a commoner are.
Tim Sackton: … … This… this woman with red hair and armor, Halfling.
Tim Sackton: the ranger captain, Martin, It's lizardfolk, and… Madeline.
Tim Sackton: The other four are competenters, and the only ones who are, like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, nobody's anywhere close to as strong as you, right? Like, these are, like.
Tim Sackton: You know, equivalent of, like, Level… 3 to 5, except for… Martin and Catalin, who are…
Tim Sackton: You know, maybe… A bit stronger than that.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: There's not anybody here who could…
Tim Sackton: I'm close to rivaling your power.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I… I'm gonna give this top a quick spin, and just make sure no one's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's crying on us at the moment.
David S. Kong: Good call.
Tim Sackton: Nobody's crying.
Mike: So as an aside, I now have TrueSight, so if anybody's crying on us, I can see it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you don't need to talk anymore, Daweth can just see space.
Mike: I see all invisible automatically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: But you don't… you're not fighting an enemy who has a crystal ball, so…
Tim Sackton: You're probably not likely to be repeatedly scryed on these days.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… so, SoulSight, … as Kenzo, as soul-sighting everybody, Catalina's… … Is finishing this, like.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: must… Swear on something that means something to you before I speak more of this.
Tim Sackton: She turns and looks in this, and the stoneworn…
Tim Sackton: Stands and he says, in a deep sort of rumbling voice, Of course.
Tim Sackton: We have long been friends and allies to you.
Tim Sackton: And… Hope to continue to be so in these trying times.
Tim Sackton: I would be honored to hear your secrets.
Tim Sackton: And I swear by… Great Mountain and Tomba.
Tim Sackton: A creator of my race.
Tim Sackton: But I will not reveal what is told to me here today.
Tim Sackton: He nods.
Mike: I will not share your secrets.
Mike: I will… Swear by the gods.
Mike: I respect… Old.
Mike: The odds know are in America that God's my people, and knew, Ghazali… Tanaka.
Mike: Madeiri?
Mike: Nisard, the gods I've adopted, They will hold me to an oath.
Mike: When he says that, they're, like, two wings would leap off his shield and kind of start walking around a little bit.
Tim Sackton: I think you honored Alf.
Tim Sackton: For your words.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, … I swear by… The honor of my ancient people.
Eric Rosenbaum: the magic of the runes, holding up the glove of crystalline magic, and bowing with it before me, before awkwardly turning to Seeker 4 and passing him the glove, that he could put it on and also bow.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then pass it back to me.
Tim Sackton: Worf and… Dwarf, kind… She looks a little confused at Seeker 4.
Tim Sackton: Our people have always been honorable.
Tim Sackton: pass to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What would you say? I swear it by all the songs of my people, and the memory of the timeless world.
Tim Sackton: She smiles a little and glances over it at the halfling.
Tim Sackton: And kind of gives a bow.
Tim Sackton: I've always enjoyed your people's songs.
Tim Sackton: The most in trying times.
Tim Sackton: Thank you, Welby.
David S. Kong: And I, too, will swear upon I'm…
David S. Kong: Kenzo lists all the gods that he, … Yeah.
David S. Kong: My God.
Tim Sackton: And, like, and….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm imagining it starts, and then there's, like, a cut in the middle of it, and, like, time has passed, some people are sitting down, like….
David S. Kong: They're getting snacks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): watch, still continue. There's another cut, like, the sun is setting, like….
David S. Kong: And, and, all of the stories,
David S. Kong: Told to me by all beings, … living and gone.
Tim Sackton: She gives a little bow to Kenzo as well, and she says, Thank you, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: The stories of those gone are among the most honorable and dear things we hold.
Tim Sackton: she kind of… Clutches the stone and looks up at the sky briefly.
Tim Sackton: And then she walks forward with her staff, leaning on her staff as she walks. She's probably the oldest person in the room, although it's hard to judge the age of lizardfolk.
Tim Sackton: So this lizard folk might be older.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: Long ago.
Tim Sackton: And she looks… Those of you who have heard this story many times.
Tim Sackton: I know you will be patient with these newcomers. Long ago.
Tim Sackton: The city of Isingame was blessed.
Tim Sackton: There are many beliefs as to where this blessing came from.
Tim Sackton: Gods, maybe. The land itself.
Tim Sackton: some beneficent… Plain, entangled with our own.
Tim Sackton: But for our people, our ancestors and isn't gay.
Tim Sackton: Not care.
Tim Sackton: So much where the blessing came from.
Tim Sackton: Just what it did for us.
Tim Sackton: It grew to the soil.
Tim Sackton: Trapped like roots growing between… Plants.
Tim Sackton: A network that spread.
Tim Sackton: And made everything it touched.
Tim Sackton: Bountiful and fertile.
Tim Sackton: Our vines.
Tim Sackton: Our ancestors' vines grew laden with fruit.
Tim Sackton: Our ancestors.
Tim Sackton: Fields.
Tim Sackton: We, … grew heavy.
Tim Sackton: with grain.
Tim Sackton: It was a…
Tim Sackton: The stories of that place.
Tim Sackton: Hell of such… joyous bounty.
Tim Sackton: And even the people… Who lived in that soil.
Tim Sackton: Who drank the water, who ate the food.
Tim Sackton: Were fruitful and multiplied.
Tim Sackton: That… Of course, ended.
Tim Sackton: When Shemat came.
Tim Sackton: And the Great War fell upon our city.
Tim Sackton: This blessing, though… Was a living thing.
Tim Sackton: So some pieces of it may be… We're corrupted.
Tim Sackton: The Rangers.
Tim Sackton: glances over at Merton.
Tim Sackton: The halfling.
Tim Sackton: One of the first… Missions that Beryl set.
Tim Sackton: Our organization, too.
Tim Sackton: Was to save some fragment.
Tim Sackton: Of this piece of isn't gay.
Tim Sackton: We took it.
Tim Sackton: We harvested the soil, and we… fled.
Tim Sackton: As the war was ending deep into the mountains.
Tim Sackton: There were many years there, early in… The days of… Back then… Not even…
Tim Sackton: Anything more than a handful of refugees hiding in the mountains.
Tim Sackton: When we thought we… Would surely be killed.
Tim Sackton: Wasn't until… 10 years later.
Tim Sackton: During the Three Kins War.
Tim Sackton: Human, Lizardfolk, and Stoneborn joined together.
Tim Sackton: To defend the plateau, fight off… The Hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: Spilling out from the plains below.
Tim Sackton: We finally… Had a moment of safety.
Tim Sackton: And we took this… living soil.
Tim Sackton: From Isn't Gay and brought it.
Tim Sackton: To a hidden valley.
Tim Sackton: some… 50 miles north of here.
Tim Sackton: And there… We've kept it safe.
Tim Sackton: That valley itself.
Tim Sackton: Now rich and bountiful, although… Whatever magic there is in the soil does not seem to…
Tim Sackton: Thrive here the way it did and isn't gay.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it's something about the… Ash that still sometimes blows in the summer.
Tim Sackton: Or… The water's not right.
Tim Sackton: Or maybe it was just… Because the planner alignments… not…
Tim Sackton: Are not correct here to allow.
Tim Sackton: the… Soil to thrive the way that
Tim Sackton: The living soil of Izengay grew.
Tim Sackton: And spread along the Isteros back in the day.
Tim Sackton: So now we guard this secret in hope.
Tim Sackton: Someday.
Tim Sackton: To fulfill.
Tim Sackton: A mission that Beryl gave us.
Tim Sackton: Store it.
Tim Sackton: isn't gay.
Tim Sackton: But now I fear all may be lost. If you say it is true that this Empress of Chaos…
Tim Sackton: nose of… Heart of the land?
Tim Sackton: The heart route.
Tim Sackton: Corrupt the last uncorrupted piece?
Tim Sackton: That would be a devastating fate.
Mike: Can it be moved?
Mike: Or is it part of the soil?
Mike: Part of the land.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it was moved once, wasn't it?
Tim Sackton: You can.
Tim Sackton: Fear to do so.
Tim Sackton: for… It is…
Tim Sackton: The stories of isn't Gay.
Tim Sackton: Kharkov.
Tim Sackton: They speak almost as if this was a… A living thing itself.
Tim Sackton: Mesh of a web.
Tim Sackton: bound the land.
Tim Sackton: And the things growing on it together.
Tim Sackton: Vibrant and strong.
Tim Sackton: And here, in the valley, we've hidden… It is.
Tim Sackton: Thin.
Tim Sackton: Weak.
Tim Sackton: It seems to barely survive.
Tim Sackton: Much less thrive.
Tim Sackton: I worry.
Tim Sackton: Transplant.
Tim Sackton: Again.
Tim Sackton: How do we know it would survive?
Mike: they're taking it on Vintra Sharna, or… Flight Castle, and… Using it, too, of them.
Mike: draw the Emperor of Chaos away is perhaps not…
Mike: Our first best plan.
Tim Sackton: I would have to speak to others of my order.
Tim Sackton: It may be a… Last desperate hope.
Tim Sackton: Necessary.
Tim Sackton: Although… Perhaps there is no other choice.
Tim Sackton: As the silence stretches.
Tim Sackton: … the woman… With red hair, wearing armor.
Tim Sackton: Sort of nods at you.
Tim Sackton: Surely, that is not the only choice.
Tim Sackton: And she… she looks over at you. I'm… Marguerite, by the way.
Tim Sackton: Representing the militias of the Plateau.
Tim Sackton: We are not.
Tim Sackton: Hopeless here.
Tim Sackton: There is a chance to defend this place if this is what we know there.
Tim Sackton: destination is.
Tim Sackton: If they will seek this out, the Evoque.
Tim Sackton: Families and farms?
Tim Sackton: And looks over her. And yes, Guillaume, even your… Walled City?
Tim Sackton: Can we not make a stand?
Tim Sackton: Should we not fight?
Tim Sackton: You have a flying castle, you say?
Tim Sackton: We have some thousands strong who are willing to stand up, and she… Looks over it.
Tim Sackton: Martin.
Tim Sackton: And some of the rangers are… Far more skilled than… Us ordinary folk.
Tim Sackton: This is not an impossible fight.
Mike: I did not say it was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many can you muster?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In that valley? In 4 days?
Tim Sackton: She kind of… … Rubs her hand along her gin.
Tim Sackton: The musters… Happening now.
Tim Sackton: there are… some… hundreds… Now gathered at every stair and every watch fork along the plateau.
Tim Sackton: Hundreds more still.
Tim Sackton: Making their way from the interior.
Tim Sackton: mountains?
Tim Sackton: We could have some…
Tim Sackton: 3,000 troops, and… Two days, though it'll take some time to position them.
Tim Sackton: And maybe another…
Tim Sackton: Twice that again.
Tim Sackton: Sometime after all, though.
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblins, not… Not every one of us is well-trained.
Tim Sackton: To face such a devastating foe.
Tim Sackton: But we were certainly better prepared than the…
Tim Sackton: War of the Ashen Horde, and we survived that, so… But that's… See what we can do.
David S. Kong: What's the War of the Ashen Horde?
David S. Kong: Have we heard about that? Is that, like, something we know about?
Tim Sackton: I mean, Seeker is presumably better, …
Tim Sackton: Wobby might have heard about it, this was, like, in…
Tim Sackton: About 30 years ago or something, so this would have been, like, you might have heard vague rumors of it during your childhood or something.
Tim Sackton: … The exact details are a little bit murky, … a… war…
Tim Sackton: The biggest thing that, like, the sort of famous thing, it was, … It was led by…
Tim Sackton: It was an attack out of the Plaguelands by… the ashen Worm, some… Giant, dragon-like creature, although…
Tim Sackton: People say it wasn't actually a dragon, it was some sort of chaos monster.
Tim Sackton: That spawned…
Tim Sackton: Ash spawn as it flew. They'd, like, drop off of its body, and these armies would appear of, like, ash creatures.
Tim Sackton: And this was sort of when the sort of militias originally formed, it was, like, when the…
Tim Sackton: what's now called the Refounded Alliance of Orbez was sort of forged itself into a…
Tim Sackton: mutual defense pact to defeat the Ashen Horde.
Tim Sackton: You probably haven't really heard any more details than that.
Mike: Whatever… Orders or messages you need to send to…
Mike: effect to muster, I think, should be… Sent as soon as possible.
Tim Sackton: Question is not.
Tim Sackton: To a fact of muster, Marguerite says, it's…
Tim Sackton: Where to position the troops. Now we are back to the same argument that we've been having for the past hour.
Tim Sackton: And then she turns.
Mike: Here. Well, where is the hearth… where is what they call it? The heart… wood? The heart….
Tim Sackton: Heart Root.
Mike: Heart Root.
Mike: Where is the heart… near the heart root, I think.
Tim Sackton: This… This fortress here regards the Heart Root.
Mike: I guess a spectral 20.
Mike: Wait, where are we? Where….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which fortress again?
Tim Sackton: You are here.
Tim Sackton: This fortress.
Tim Sackton: Guards the heart rate.
David S. Kong: Hey, so, … Where?
David S. Kong: Oh, sorry, go ahead.
Mike: I was just gonna say, where's the thing?
Mike: Where's the… centipede?
Tim Sackton: It's, like, here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was the direction of its travel, like, was it moving straight towards the… HeartRoute location.
Tim Sackton: … Y-ye… yeah, maybe.
Tim Sackton: Now, looking at a map, you can sort of see that… That's about right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, I… I think we'll be safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Defending the stairs are meaningless, it doesn't need the stairs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The walls of the city don't matter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It'll go right over them. They won't provide protection.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think from what we could tell, it's going straight towards the heart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's the place to defend. And it seems, from interrogating the prisoner, that… mmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It would be to their advantage to accomplish that one aim first, and then destroy the rest of the plateau, rather than…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Reverse the order, but… Do you agree?
Mike: Perhaps we should… Although I do not know if the prisoner will be helpful anymore.
Mike: But we could, ….
Tim Sackton: by now.
Mike: suggestions weren't off. But… We could bring them out again.
Mike: I mean, we could… Bring them out of the mirror, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: And….
David S. Kong: Just have, like, a quick telepathic, like, sidebar for a second.
David S. Kong: … So, what, what, I mean…
David S. Kong: What are we trying to do here? Like… Shouldn't we just go and… Kill the Empress?
Mike: Well, Kenzo, I'm a big believer in our strength and power, but she has 4,000 hubgoblins with her.
David S. Kong: Can we separate her from the army?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is a good question.
David S. Kong: I mean, isn't this one of those, kill the Empress and then the 4,000 Hobglobins are kind of like, oh shit, and then…
David S. Kong: What do they, what do they do after their leader's dead?
Mike: We supply them with a new leader.
Mike: I think we supply them with a new leader, and then… and then they go off and make a peace treaty with the humans, yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but, but, I mean, shouldn't we figure out how to just… like, why, why, like, killing 4,000 Hopgoblins and the Empress is pretty hard, but killing just the Empress?
David S. Kong: Maybe a little bit more manageable.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, I agree, it's just hard to imagine a way to separate her.
David S. Kong: I mean, we knocked one of the hobgoblins off the centipede, and she flew back by herself and, like, scouted around, you know?
David S. Kong: Didn't seem that hard.
Mike: But she was only… A couple… not even a couple hundred feet from our troops, right?
Mike: I don't know if she would have gone further.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you teleport someone unwillingly?
Mike: I was just literally thinking that. I know we can't… Teleport is not. Scatter?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Plane shift?
Mike: Plain?
Mike: Plainshift is willing.
Mike: … Scatter is unwilling, but it's only 120 feet.
Mike: You know what would be a good spell? Oh, but Seeker can cast whatever spell. Force Cage, the one that, …
Mike: The one that… The wind collar cast on us, the cage that surrounded us.
Mike: The question is, if she's trapped in something like a force cage, why do we think her army won't stop and come and kill us?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or that she won't just dispel it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It can't be… force cage can't be… It can't be designed.
Mike: Fort Bay can't be dispelled.
David S. Kong: That'd be….
Mike: an 8th level spell.
David S. Kong: How do we get out of that?
Mike: We did it, remember? We talked our way out.
Tim Sackton: You… you talked your way out, you just waited.
Mike: The only… you CAN use magical…
Mike: You can attempt to magically escape, but you have to make a save.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Mike: So… I just… I wonder if it would be easier to separate her.
Mike: In the chaos of a battle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bread.
Mike: Right?
David S. Kong: Tim, when we were checking out the Hopping Goblin Army, were there any obvious, like, you know, super strong, you know, lieutenant-type guys, you know?
Tim Sackton: Not that you saw, but it was hard to tell, right? I mean, it's…
Tim Sackton: mostly they were cloaked by ash, right? The ash was…
Tim Sackton: you could see sort of vague shapes, you couldn't see much detail. You only really got a good look at the Empress because she flew out.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: go try and… See what happened to her.
Tim Sackton: When… when she got the report that two Hobgoblins, like, mysteriously.
David S. Kong: Must be, …
David S. Kong: I feel like we've been doing a good job of doing creative things recently, instead of just, like, you know…
David S. Kong: Punching our way through.
David S. Kong: There's gotta be a way to….
Mike: I mean, I could cast Dream every night on her, and if she keeps failing her save, she takes 36 damage every night, and can't regain spells.
David S. Kong: Oh? That's….
Mike: I don't know, you… oh yeah, no benefit from the rest.
Mike: I mean, we could do all kinds of things to try and, you know, make her life unpleasant.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah, let's do that.
David S. Kong: That's cool.
Mike: Yeah, I tried it with Fausto, but he kept making it safe.
Tim Sackton: No, Fasta's Tower. Fasta's… wrong planet.
Mike: Right, right, right, right, right.
David S. Kong: She's probably got some, like, chaos Metal Protects-me-from-everything type thing, too.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you have no idea if she even sleeps or not.
Mike: She may never sleep.
David S. Kong: Oh, Hobgoblins don't sleep?
Mike: Wow.
Tim Sackton: No, but the hobgoblin you talked to was like, she's been alive for 100 years.
Mike: She might be, like, infused with Chaos Metal, and it's, like, taken, like, who knows? It might be power, right? Like….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah….
Mike: Like, you know, Terminator 2 never slapped, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, she's like Tetsuo from A Cure or something.
Mike: Yeah, exactly. So, we could try it, but she may never actually… Sleep.
Mike: ….
David S. Kong: … Yeah, maybe there's no way to separate her from the army, huh?
Mike: I mean… That simple-minded plan… With no cleverness, is to simply… set up a big battle.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: And then… So wait, Pete, are you, like….
Tim Sackton: This has got… you've gotten a little bit distracted from the council. Are you sidebarring out of character, or what's going on here?
Mike: No, no, no, no, no, this was a telepathic sidebar from Kenza, but that was, I'll stop for a minute and say we should… we should include the council in this conversation.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, okay.
Mike: And we'll switch to… we, like, were telepathically, like, our eyes were darting around.
Tim Sackton: Here's work.
Mike: talking, right?
David S. Kong: But….
Mike: dealt with all saying we should include the… and then saying we've… we've been discuss… just, we'll say, we've been discussing some options here.
Mike: But we should include you in our deliberations.
Tim Sackton: Martin… Martin stands up and says, I would…
Tim Sackton: Love to hear what you propose.
Tim Sackton: Dimkala, When… Do you think the stone board might arrive, and in what strength?
Tim Sackton: Seems useful information for our planning purposes.
Tim Sackton: And the stoneborn turns and looks and says.
Tim Sackton: I have ridden… Through several nights.
Tim Sackton: To bring you this news.
Tim Sackton: Even the fastest of us.
Tim Sackton: Must muster.
Tim Sackton: And reach the battlefield with strength to fight.
Tim Sackton: It is… A week.
Tim Sackton: For you can expect us in force.
Tim Sackton: Do we know? He says, looking around the room.
Tim Sackton: When the Hobgoblins might arrive.
Mike: 6 days.
Tim Sackton: 6 days to reach… The heart, or the plateau?
Mike: Our prisoner was… Not clear on that point.
Mike: It seems his empress has held her battle plans relatively close.
Tim Sackton: Though… Halfling looks up at this point.
Tim Sackton: I, she says, …
Tim Sackton: Unless they are traveling at some exceptional rate, I…
Tim Sackton: It seems hard to believe they could be 6 days from the…
Tim Sackton: Heart Root.
Tim Sackton: That's… 60, 70 miles from the plateau edge.
Tim Sackton: by the crow flies.
Tim Sackton: And that's going through forests more if you follow a clear path.
Tim Sackton: Are they really?
Tim Sackton: Traveling?
Tim Sackton: At such a speed?
Tim Sackton: They are far enough away now, at least, that our scouts cannot see them from watchtowers along the plateau edge.
Tim Sackton: So they must be… 100 miles off the plateau, at least.
Mike: I mean….
Tim Sackton: more?
Mike: We have little… don't we have little… illusionary little
Mike: Yeah. Showing exactly where they are?
Tim Sackton: She looks, and she says, Wow.
Tim Sackton: We, of course, don't know their rate of travel.
Tim Sackton: That is the crucial variable to calculate.
Tim Sackton: their arrival.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Wow.
Tim Sackton: If they are expected to… be 6 days.
Tim Sackton: As the crow flies… from…
Tim Sackton: From the… HeartRoot itself… Must be traveling.
Tim Sackton: Almost 40 miles a day?
Tim Sackton: Did they seem to be going that fast to you when you watched them?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Our scouts have not gotten close.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's my take if Wolpe's gonna do, like, his best estimate based on his scouting skills and nature and mapping and all that stuff?
Tim Sackton: The big unknown, from Welby's point of view, the big unknown is if they're traveling 24 hours a day, or if they're resting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: there.
Mike: Wow.
Mike: A guy would know that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: If they're… if they're traveling… They were not going…
Tim Sackton: So, if they were traveling, say, 12 hours a day, then 40 miles a day implies
Tim Sackton: They're going something like… Between 3 and 4 miles per hour.
Tim Sackton: like, a…
Tim Sackton: good walking pace. They were moving slower than that, right? It was… you could walk… you could definitely have walked faster than them.
Tim Sackton: than the Beast.
Tim Sackton: Like, probably it was… it was going more like…
Tim Sackton: 1 to 2 miles an hour. Like, it seems slow to you.
Tim Sackton: But of course, if it's going…
Tim Sackton: If they're traveling 24 hours a day, then…
Tim Sackton: 40 miles that they could easily be making 40 miles a day.
Mike: M.
Mike: Perhaps we should.
Mike: Bring our prisoner into this.
Mike: He may not be as willing to be interrogated as he was earlier, but…
Mike: Do I actually… do I have any spells left?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the only question that we have, are they traveling 24 hours a day? Do we need to know more than that? Do we have other ways to get that? Can we, like, augury, or consult gods, or…?
Mike: Well, sure, but I could also just detect thoughts.
Mike: I could read his thoughts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's fair.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could also just ask… Tatanshi.
Tim Sackton: I'm saving that until we have a few more questions. Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Does detect thoughts work?
Tim Sackton: I… You probably have to actually release him, you have to actually release him from the mirror.
Mike: Correct, yes.
David S. Kong: Can't you cast Suggestion again?
Mike: I could.
Mike: But Detect Thoughts actually seems potentially even more useful, because I could… He's…
Mike: Very unlikely to make a DC20 Wisdom safe.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: And… If he fails to save, I can, like…
Mike: Probe his brain for things that… He doesn't say, right?
David S. Kong: We like her brand, bro.
Mike: I mean, it can try and break my… he can make an Intelligence Arcana check to stop me, but again, DC20, I'm not that worried.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All of this is good, it's worth asking, let's keep it in our pocket.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But does it meaningfully change the plans we're making?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or, like, the question of how do we separate the leader from the army?
Tim Sackton: if… It meaningfully changes the plans, only in the sense that if
Tim Sackton: He looks over at Zimcala. If the Stoneborn arrive…
Tim Sackton: Changes the calculus of battle, no?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But we're not gonna not fight them if the Stoneborne don't arrive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's just gonna go worse.
Tim Sackton: Fair.
David S. Kong: So here's the thing.
David S. Kong: Here's the thing.
David S. Kong: The Empress?
David S. Kong: Well powerful.
David S. Kong: And… we respect them.
David S. Kong: … I feel confident.
David S. Kong: My colleagues and I can handle the Empress.
David S. Kong: Now… If we're able… In this situation, and what we've gathered as well from The Hobbobins?
David S. Kong: This appears to be a situation where, upon the death of the Empress, the Hobgoblin army may…
David S. Kong: Surrender, run away, etc. It's very… it feels, this is… this is a very, …
David S. Kong: Top-heavy organization, at least as it relates to this… this army.
David S. Kong: If we're able to separate the Empress, if the five of us can, or if the four of us can.
David S. Kong: the five of us pointing it, for, Seeker 4. If the five of us, can…
David S. Kong: focus our energies on the Empress.
David S. Kong: We'll be in a very good…
David S. Kong: We'll have a good opportunity of ending the battle.
David S. Kong: Decisively there.
Tim Sackton: the… the, man in the straw hat.
Tim Sackton: Speaks up, he says.
Tim Sackton: Gives you a little nod, … Due respect, sir, … Pardon, my name is.
Tim Sackton: You're gambling a lot.
Tim Sackton: On the assumption that the… Hobgoblins will… disperse, or…
Tim Sackton: not just slaughter us if their leader is killed, are you not? I am…
Tim Sackton: I am… I am sorry to, …
Tim Sackton: question your wisdom. You are obviously more experienced in such matters than a lonely… a lowly beekeeper like myself, but I must…
Tim Sackton: I must speak for the people who…
Tim Sackton: elected me to come to this council and say.
Tim Sackton: This is a risk I'm not sure that we are willing to take.
Tim Sackton: But it's some thought to what is given, if…
Tim Sackton: Your hopes are not true, no?
David S. Kong: Well, what I'm saying is, also, it is a best-case scenario, because you're right, you know, if they do stay and fight, then we'll have to figure out how to kill 4,000 hot dogs and the Empress. No matter what, we have to kill the Empress.
David S. Kong: You know, so this is, separating, separating the, the Empress from the, …
David S. Kong: The Army is a logistical concern that's….
Tim Sackton: I am….
David S. Kong: Pardon for taking that name for us, but yeah.
Tim Sackton: Marguerite, the red-haired woman, speaks up.
Tim Sackton: I am less worried about 4,000 hobgoblins than that strange beast you described they ride upon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If there's any way you can disable that….
Tim Sackton: Delay them until the….
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Stoneborn arrive, and she looks over at, …
Tim Sackton: She looks over at the younger of the… the lizard spoke.
Tim Sackton: Between… As a teen, myself and…
Tim Sackton: Zimcala will be the… Three Kins War once again.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure we can ride to victory without this.
Tim Sackton: Terrifying, supernatural element to the battle.
David S. Kong: So, okay.
Tim Sackton: The lizardfolk.
Tim Sackton: woman that, like, bears her teeth and says, Yes, my friend!
Tim Sackton: I am eager to… Ride and battle with you, but… I, too, fear this creature.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I think y'all are on the right track, and I actually agree totally We should, …
David S. Kong: slow down this, this, centipede monster carrying the 4,000 hobgoblins. And perhaps we do have the advantage
David S. Kong: In the coming days.
David S. Kong: to do, you know, repeated small attacks. And here's the thing, in drawing away the Empress.
David S. Kong: I think if we did manage to sabotage the centipede.
David S. Kong: Perhaps even from a distance, using other, you know, magic traps, etc.
David S. Kong: we could draw the Empress away from the army.
David S. Kong: Away from… before… before it arrives close to the camp.
David S. Kong: Or we just wait.
David S. Kong: We just wait.
Mike: I… That was upset, I… I think…
Mike: This is not a time when… To Perrin, he'll say.
Mike: The choice is not… To f- bite, or… not.
Mike: These… This army is… is coming to this place.
Mike: And… we must defend it.
Mike: There's no choice there.
Mike: The alternative is… Yeah, exactly, right? The alternative is, I'm just…
Mike: you know, muskets and totally. The alternative is to give up the Heart Root to the Empress of Chaos and see the end of all human life in Arbus.
Mike: So…
Mike: The Buster must come, and I think it must come now, and it must be at the fortress that defends Arbez.
Mike: We will… See more in the coming days as to who…
Mike: As to how fast they travel, and…
Mike: What we might be able to do to disrupt them as they come.
Mike: We are not without… Ways to aid.
Mike: we could create… I mean, would some of you be willing to become Scorpions the size of… horses?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You turned back again afterwards.
Mike: We turned back… After.
Mike: Or eagles?
Mike: The size of horses?
Mike: Or, or… elephants?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lies of horses.
David S. Kong: This is a great point. Why don't we fly over it and just drop all kinds of shit?
Mike: Yeah? Like, on the other hand, Vinja Sharna will be here in 4 days, why don't… why don't we just bomb it?
David S. Kong: And also, why don't we spend the next days, every single day, just, like, like, doing… doing guerrilla warfare shit against the centipede? Like, learn about it, figure out how it works, and then start, you know, like, trapping it, with it.
Tim Sackton: By the way, ChatGPT says that if you
Tim Sackton: Pack people in the density of a tight festival crowd. You can get 400 people in a 30-foot radius circle.
Mike: See? There you go. Look, we could count.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): before.
Mike: Seriously, you could cast 4 animal shapes, right? One with your 9th, it's not concentration. You could cast one with your 9th, one with your 8th.
Mike: You could get 3, sorry, 3 animal shapes. One with your 9th, one with your 8th, and one with your simulacrums.
Mike: 8th.
Mike: Right? Because he hasn't used his 8th yet.
Tim Sackton: Yet?
Mike: So, 3 animal shapes at 400 people in animal shape is 400 giant scorpions, 400 rhinoceroses, and 400 giant eagles.
Mike: And giant scorpions have blind sets. They can see through the damn dust.
Mike: And these things all have, like, 60 hit points, so all of these people will… the thing is, the rhinoceroses charge, a mass charge of 400 rhinoceroses.
Mike: knock over the centipede, right? It doesn't even matter if they all die, because when they die, they turn back into humans, and then they can become themselves and hide and run away, right?
Mike: Because you get temporary hit points equal to the number of hit points of the rhinoceros, on top of your hit points. And at the same time, you have a mass charge of 400 giant eagles dropping things on top.
Mike: I think we're underselling the animal shape army here.
David S. Kong: I love that.
Tim Sackton: No CR limit on animal shapes?
Mike: CR4.
Mike: That's just a CR2. Giant, giant Scorpion, a CR3.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you can't… so elephants….
Mike: Elephant's too big. Elephant's huge. It has to be large. But rhinoceros is only large. Or Hippo. Hippo's even better. They have, like, 800… they have, like, 85 hit points.
Mike: And they're big, but they're not large.
Mike: I was working at hand machines earlier.
Tim Sackton: They're just not… they're not huge, right?
Mike: Giant eagles, or giant vultures.
David S. Kong: Definitely Air Force dropping shit on those motherfuckers, like, for sure. We do a whole bunch of that, just, like, fly over them, drop a lot of shit on them, and then, yeah, I love this. I love that.
Tim Sackton: I don't know, the hippopotamus is pretty strong.
Mike: Yay!
Tim Sackton: Multi-attack, 2 bite attacks, each one does 2d10 plus 5 damage with a plus 7 to hit.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: They have, like, 80 hit points, so, like, a 12 AC. They have 80 hit points and a 14 AC.
Mike: 14AC. See?
Mike: An army of hippos.
Mike: 400 hippos.
Tim Sackton: Actually, giant scorpions are almost better.
Mike: Yes, basically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If giant walruses are CR4, it could be an army of giant walruses.
Mike: I mean…
Mike: What about… Giant Scorpion, though, the nice thing about giant scorpions is that they have blind sense, so the… so the ash won't stop them.
Eric Rosenbaum: They have a poison attack.
Mike: They also have a poison, ….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, their sting does poison damage.
Mike: It does poison damage, and they can grapple with their claw.
Mike: But they don't have as good to hit as hippos, and they don't have as many hit points, but they have better AC.
Mike: But it's a mix, you could turn different people into different creatures, right?
David S. Kong: What about… So, so… Yeah.
Mike: And on top of that, if we could do some guerrilla attacks on our own, and some Vinjasarna bomb dropping…
Mike: Send… we could send a… why not send a ladder out every day to just kill a couple and die, right?
David S. Kong: Army of ladders?
Mike: Send a boulder. I mean, there's stuff we can do to just harass these as they come.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we could shear the centipede in half just by flying the ship right through it.
Mike: I suspect… The whole thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: dirty.
Mike: Well, I would guess that it's… that it can repair itself.
Mike: I would be nervous about if we try and shear it in half, it just globs onto Victor Sharna and eats it or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm… We don't want to crack our hull, either.
Mike: Awesome medals.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): After we're done with the battle, what if it does glom onto Vindra Sharna?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I bet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there something there?
David S. Kong: Giant pen.
David S. Kong: If we can control the Chaos Metal, of course.
Mike: So… I, I think….
David S. Kong: Let's do all of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: I think….
David S. Kong: Guerrilla attacks, fuckin' Air Force, just disrupt.
David S. Kong: Disrupt, disrupt.
Mike: And in the moment… of Maximum Chaos.
Mike: I'll say this telepathically.
Mike: Release Revka.
Eric Rosenbaum: the mage.
Mike: Yeah, let her try and take over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, I… I like that… I mean, I think we have to wait till we kill the mage that's there. Like, I like that idea, and you like that idea, but I don't know if the other people around this table are gonna like that idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: There's, like, a bunch of… there's, like, some chatter going on now as people are talking about, like.
Tim Sackton: The idea of an army of animals, which they had no idea was possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's kind of ridiculous, I like it.
Mike: N… I'll say out loud to them.
Mike: The battle plan will have to evolve as we learn more.
Mike: But I think the… This group, this council, this…
Mike: The… the heart of your… our defenses, of your defenses.
Mike: should relocate.
Mike: to… To heart rate, as soon as possible.
Mike: And prepare to fight there.
Tim Sackton: Peddally and sort of stands up.
Tim Sackton: And takes out the…
Tim Sackton: … Gemstone that she wears.
Tim Sackton: Until now, we have always relied on Secrecy.
Tim Sackton: the hidden… Ways of the… Rangers and the… Hidden paths.
Tim Sackton: Through the mountains to protect.
Tim Sackton: This relic.
Tim Sackton: Seems now secrecy is lost somehow.
Tim Sackton: apps.
Tim Sackton: If it is true, you say…
Tim Sackton: Do you think it is possible that this…
Tim Sackton: Empress of Chaos has explored isn't gay?
Tim Sackton: I'm sure the rangers did not take every secret with them when they left.
Mike: I think it is… certain that she has.
Tim Sackton: Sort of closing their eyes.
Tim Sackton: And maybe… Indeed, it is time that… Secrecy be put aside.
Tim Sackton: Before we do, I must… Ask. If it is okay.
Tim Sackton: She takes out her… She, like, holds up this… this gemstone, and, like, it's a… …
Tim Sackton: spell focus and Shigiban speaking.
Tim Sackton: Spell, and then she says… Fox and Hunter, please guide us.
Tim Sackton: Would it be a mistake?
Tim Sackton: And move our troops to defend.
Tim Sackton: A heart root in force.
Tim Sackton: She closes her eyes for a moment.
Tim Sackton: She opens them again, and she says.
Tim Sackton: It seems that is the right course of action.
Tim Sackton: Let it be done.
Tim Sackton: She looks around the table.
Tim Sackton: Marguerite, Martin… That's sane.
Tim Sackton: Will you… Do this… Some call on when you can, when your troops arrive.
Tim Sackton: Bring our forces.
Tim Sackton: All together to meet this army.
Tim Sackton: The three of them, the three commanders, sort of look around.
Tim Sackton: Martin stands up and says.
Tim Sackton: This is… Your guidance.
Tim Sackton: Kataline, you've never led us wrong.
Tim Sackton: I will be there.
Tim Sackton: Marguerite, can we count on the militias?
Tim Sackton: She looks over, she says.
Tim Sackton: Looks at.
Tim Sackton: specifically it.
Tim Sackton: Perrin and Guillaume.
Tim Sackton: You speak for your people in the city and the Vale.
Tim Sackton: Is this a risk?
Tim Sackton: You should take?
Tim Sackton: our… guests and… Hopefully, saviors have… Told us this.
Tim Sackton: Army can cross any wall.
Tim Sackton: Yom, I do not think… Arsenberg.
Tim Sackton: offers any protection.
Tim Sackton: Karen, I know that Most of the people of… Or Baz have already… Flat into… Whatever hideouts they can.
Tim Sackton: Maybe now is the time to hide.
Tim Sackton: I know it is a risk.
Tim Sackton: Maybe… starvation?
Tim Sackton: If the Hobgoblins burn our fields and slaughter our animals… But…
Tim Sackton: If we win…
Tim Sackton: Maybe… You heard they have a flying castle, right?
Tim Sackton: Maybe they can… Bring the magic back to isn't gay.
Tim Sackton: And fix it all.
Tim Sackton: No famine then.
Tim Sackton: Guillaume, the guy with the bald head and Perrin with the straw hat.
Tim Sackton: kind of look at each other. Guillaume sort of shifts nervously.
Tim Sackton: Hemming and hawing a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Perrin speaks first and says.
Tim Sackton: This is a risk we will take.
Tim Sackton: There's a long moment of silence as Guillaume kind of… hesitates.
Tim Sackton: hesitates.
Tim Sackton: I will not be the one to stand in the way of this.
Tim Sackton: My people have nowhere to go.
Tim Sackton: And we are… Very exposed.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing you can do?
Tim Sackton: He looks kind of pleadingly at the five of you.
Tim Sackton: We are even slightly wrong about their intentions.
Tim Sackton: They will find a city of some thousands.
Tim Sackton: right… For the devouring.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this something to ask?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your guts about?
Mike: Dots cannot predict the future.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nate.
Mike: But… We… We are not done seeking information.
Mike: Mustering in… Mustering towards… The heart… Root.
Mike: does not… Prevent us from… redirecting.
Mike: If it is necessary.
Tim Sackton: It's 80 miles from Arsenberg to… The fortresses in the mountains.
Tim Sackton: It will be hard to move an army of some thousands with any speed that distance.
Mike: Let us… consider this.
Mike: Was that what the lookup will be. Perhaps we should bring out the prisoner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): True.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ….
David S. Kong: Like, not here, with everybody, right?
David S. Kong: Privately?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, this may be…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Too many… we have the prisoner captured and held. I think it would be wiser not to bring him out in the middle of all of this.
Tim Sackton: Martin's dead. No, please don't.
Tim Sackton: It's enough… Going on right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Divot tent we could use.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: But let us… Resolver.
Tim Sackton: First step at a plan, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Let us…
Tim Sackton: It will take some time to… Send beacons.
Tim Sackton: and Ravens to all of the…
Tim Sackton: Fortresses in which rangers and militias are stationed along the plateau edge.
Mike: How far are those places?
Tim Sackton: That's the crow flies. Some hundred miles from here.
Mike: deal with, well, ….
Tim Sackton: But there are few stationed on the northern reaches of that plateau, as…
Tim Sackton: We had little reason to suspect the army was heading there.
Mike: ….
Tim Sackton: Most of our troops are concentrated within 50-some-odd miles of here.
Mike: I can offer… Delta, well, …
Mike: I can summon the links multiple times in a day, right? There's no usage on the links.
Tim Sackton: It can only do its fast travel for 2 hours per day, I think.
Tim Sackton: But you can summon it as much as you want.
Mike: But does that mean that you…
Mike: If it goes and comes back, it can't go out again? Is that a…
Mike: 2 hours per day per summum, or.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, it's a… it's a… it's a…
Tim Sackton: It's a limit on the distance at which you can use its fast pace, it's not a…
Tim Sackton: If it… if it comes back, you can summon it again, it can run another….
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So, dealt with will offer, …
Mike: the… well, sort of gesture to one of the Winxes, which will pace over. They came out of his shield when he played the oath, it was actually kind of pacing around the room.
Mike: Any messages you wish to carry, I can send, …
Mike: Within 50 miles, it will take mere… a mere hour.
Tim Sackton: Let us… I will have messages to send, yes, and… Agreed as well, perhaps?
Tim Sackton: It's saying, what about your people?
Tim Sackton: And she looks up, and she looks over it.
Tim Sackton: You hear what she says,
Tim Sackton: Yes, we will set… have messages to send as well, and… I would be…
Tim Sackton: Keen to hear more of this… plan to…
Tim Sackton: Transform us into an army of beasts.
Tim Sackton: We would volunteer for that?
Tim Sackton: We have been eager to harass these creatures as they approach.
Tim Sackton: That seems safer than trying to hide in the swamps ourselves.
Tim Sackton: Can promise some 600 volunteers.
Tim Sackton: So yes, let us plan to send messages.
Tim Sackton: Martin says, Turns to the hot.
Tim Sackton: Halfling Daisy.
Tim Sackton: You know the terrain better than anybody, will you?
Tim Sackton: Stayin'.
Tim Sackton: If they have questions on the map.
Tim Sackton: Make sure they know. We will prepare. We must go soon to prepare our messages.
Tim Sackton: To be sent out to implement this plan.
Tim Sackton: And Guillaume, we will not forget about Arsenberg.
Tim Sackton: There must be something we can do, not just for that, but…
Tim Sackton: For the other small communities along the road who look to us for their defense.
Tim Sackton: Should not leave them helpless and vulnerable if we can avoid it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, and evacuate everything in the path.
Tim Sackton: Many have already fled.
Tim Sackton: It is just they have fled to the safety of the walls.
Tim Sackton: Which now seemed not so safe.
Mike: I think we have some hope of learning in the next… Day or less.
Mike: Whether they truly intend to bypass the wall… bypass all temptations on their way and head straight for the heart or not.
Tim Sackton: Guillaume looks up, he says, Nervously.
Tim Sackton: I hope, indeed, you can learn this, I, …
Tim Sackton: I would feel much reassured to…
Tim Sackton: Returned to my city, even though…
Tim Sackton: With a heading straight for the heart, it could mean the end of us all, if I've understood properly what you've been speaking of here today.
Tim Sackton: But… If that is indeed the goal, I would feel.
Tim Sackton: Looks at the five of you.
Tim Sackton: Like, this is something you could face more confidently, not worrying about us civilians on the back lines.
Tim Sackton: So yes, that would reassure me, and I would…
Tim Sackton: Take that back to my people.
Tim Sackton: If you could know such a thing.
Tim Sackton: Martin stands up.
Tim Sackton: Is there anything more we must discuss as a group?
Tim Sackton: Believe it is the will of this council, speaking for the people of the Refounded alliance of… Or bells?
Tim Sackton: That we muster whatever troops, Can be brought to defend A heart root.
Tim Sackton: Within the next… Five days.
Tim Sackton: that these… Valiant heroes who have come to our aid?
Tim Sackton: We'll seek to learn what they can about the true purpose of this Hobgoblin army.
Tim Sackton: And… We will assist them in whatever…
Tim Sackton: It's needed to delay and distract.
Tim Sackton: Beast.
Tim Sackton: To give us the best chance of success.
Tim Sackton: In the wars to come.
Tim Sackton: Is this agreed?
Tim Sackton: He looks at everybody, and… Daisy and Marguerite nod vigorously right away.
Tim Sackton: Catalan… Says a small prayer under her breath.
Tim Sackton: Then looks up and gives a slow nod.
Tim Sackton: The two lizardfolk, Etsin and Arteza, who has not spoken much, look at each other, And then…
Tim Sackton: Give nods as well, at saying, eager, Arteza. Slow.
Tim Sackton: Zimcala stands aside, not part of the Council, but agreeing the Stoneborn will help as they can.
Tim Sackton: As soon as they arrive.
Tim Sackton: Heron nods.
Tim Sackton: And then last, slowly, Guillaume… Gives a nod of agreement.
Tim Sackton: And everybody stands as Cataline says a brief closing prayer.
Tim Sackton: pours another… … … Drink of water from the well for everybody to drink.
Tim Sackton: And then… The castle begins to break up.
Tim Sackton: Daisy, hanging back with you in case you want to plan anything on the map.
Tim Sackton: The… the battlefield commanders, the…
Tim Sackton: Marguerite for the militias, Martin for the…
Tim Sackton: Rangers at Etsen for the Lizardfolk, as well as Zimcala for the Stoneborn, break off to go.
Tim Sackton: write messages.
Tim Sackton: the civilian representatives, Perrin, Aritza and Guillaume go back to… Prepare messages and… and…
Tim Sackton: Speak to the people that they represent.
Tim Sackton: You are now… Left in the tent with the map to make any plans that you want.
Tim Sackton: … for… A little bit of time.
Tim Sackton: Daisy is still there, but nobody else, until… The…
Tim Sackton: Captains will come back with messages to send in the next, like, 30 to 60 minutes.
Mike: Let's… I mean, the main thing I want to do is pull out the Hopgoblin.
Mike: But I think we should do this by ourselves, and then… Cast Detect Thoughts, and….
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Grove his brain to try and see what his… Expectations were on… … plunger, like, like…
Mike: Was he expecting to plunger a city? Was he told there would be… you know, were they stopping anyway?
David S. Kong: Also, I mean, they must have been, like, they must have, like, trained and shit, you know what I mean? So, like, what were their plans? Were they, like, fighting in formations? Were they just gonna, like, you know… Also, how are they organized? Are they general? You know, like, what's the… what's the thought.
Mike: Oh, that's a good idea, like… Try and get…
Mike: read some of his thoughts about battle tactics, right? Like….
David S. Kong: A million percent. Well, and also, because, like, you know, this always happens to us, right? It's like, we have to fight the big boss, and then there's, like, fucking 10, like, semi-powerful, annoying things. It's like, who are they? Like, are there, like, what else is going on in this army? Are there, like, a bunch of other… are there any mages? Who else casts spells?
David S. Kong: We should learn all of that shit. And then, we should attack these motherfuckers every day. We should attack them, just, like, take out a couple hundred hobgoblins, annoy the fuck out of, you know, just, like, fuck with the centipede thing, and then teleport, and just disappear. And then, like, get a long rest, come back, and do that shit every day. Just annoy the fuck out of them.
David S. Kong: Do as much damage as we can every day. If we get to sense any weird shit, we just leave.
David S. Kong: Let's teleport out.
David S. Kong: You should scry them, too, periodically, like, what's going on?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Are they stopping and resting? You know?
David S. Kong: It's a pretty easy one to figure out with a, you know, if you try every 4 hours.
Mike: So… Yeah, I mean, I think all that sounds… Totally… What we should do.
David S. Kong: When do we do the, giant, fucking Air Force? Like, how often can we do that? Like, the, the, the, the arm… the 500,
Mike: Once a day.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're a little bit far away for that at the moment, because… Yeah.
Tim Sackton: We can help.
David S. Kong: ourselves there to wherever they are. We can scry Tyler Bartis ourselves to wherever they are, and then….
Tim Sackton: You can teleport yourselves, but you can't teleport 400 people.
Tim Sackton: Teleport, specifically, is only 8 people.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: I think step one is probe the Hobgoblin.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do that right now.
Mike: Then put him back in the mirror, and then… connect him to Rivka.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Great.
David S. Kong: Let's get the hot lemon out.
David S. Kong: We interrogate.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: ….
Mike: So, this time I'm not mucking around with… I'm drawing a sword.
Mike: Pulling them out, we need to be… you know.
Mike: No more suggestion niceness, I don't… I'm gonna… I don't care if he's terrified. In fact, being terrified is helpful.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: And just driving to… Right? Like, tie them up, like, make sure up.
Mike: Swords out, threaten, threatening position, you know, tell us what you know.
Mike: It doesn't matter if he… the goal is to ask him questions and then probe his thoughts.
Mike: Right? Right. For the answers to the questions, not actually wait for him to respond.
Mike: two key things are, were they planning on stopping, and what… how are they trained? Like, how do they fight on this….
David S. Kong: Yeah, dude, bro.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
David S. Kong: How are they trained? Like, what are their tactics, and then what's the structure? What's the organization?
Tim Sackton: So, so he, he emerges from the mirror, like, in a….
Mike: you know.
Tim Sackton: A bit of a, sort of…
Tim Sackton: state, right? He's, like, starting to draw his sword.
Tim Sackton: You obviously get to jump on him and subdue him without any trouble.
Tim Sackton: … And he's… pretty… You know, he's angry, he's, like, snarling at you, kind of.
Tim Sackton: … Basically, Just pissed it.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: That you tricked him.
Tim Sackton: Make an intimidation check, just… You know… Sure.
Mike: Oh! Now I got a 12, I rolled a 1.
Tim Sackton: … He's… he's reacting kind of… I mean, he failed his… Save against the tech thoughts.
Tim Sackton: He's sullen, he's like… You know, do your worst.
Tim Sackton: Kind of spits at you and just kind of shakes his head and turns away as you…
Tim Sackton: As you demand to know.
David S. Kong: Natural 20, intimidation.
Tim Sackton: ….
Mike: So, you rolled a 20 and got a 21, I rolled a 1 and got a 12.
Tim Sackton: But, so what are you asking him? I mean, you're probing his thoughts, right? So he's pretty….
Mike: Which, it doesn't really matter that he's not really responding to your interpretation. The first question is, do they stop to make camp?
Mike: What's the day like on travel?
Tim Sackton: … He's… he's like, I'm knocking.
Tim Sackton: Not gonna speak to you, horrible elf.
Tim Sackton: Magic Trickster.
Tim Sackton: And is, you know, clearly thinking he's…
Tim Sackton: Clearly not smart enough to avoid thinking about exactly the answer to every question.
Tim Sackton: And is thinking, Don't tell him.
Tim Sackton: Don't let them know that we stop for the 6 hours in the middle of each day.
Tim Sackton: Sometimes more. 8, 10, depends on how hot it is.
Tim Sackton: Whether there's clouds… Probably not. Okay.
Mike: They have tucks.
Tim Sackton: Tell them that.
David S. Kong: Great. Next question.
Mike: battle.
David S. Kong: Yeah, what have they been training?
David S. Kong: What are they training to do? What are their tactics?
David S. Kong: Are they trying to… are they planning to fight all at once? Do they have archers? What's their… what are their strategies and tactics?
Tim Sackton: He, like, shakes his head, kinda… Snarls in your direction, like…
Tim Sackton: You will see our tactics in battle, pathetic elf.
Tim Sackton: And you can see, in his mind, him imagining, like, the…
Tim Sackton: I mean, the Hobgoblins are pretty… it's a pretty disciplined army, right? It's like…
Tim Sackton: You know, rank companies of about 800.
Tim Sackton: Mixed companies split between Battle mages, archers, soldiers.
Tim Sackton: Visualizing the, … A line of… Three fireballs exploding.
Tim Sackton: As arrows rained down, and then the art… the… sword and Spearman Charge.
Tim Sackton: The decimated troops.
Tim Sackton: Shocked by the… Explosions of fireballs.
Mike: Are they jumping off the thing before they fight, or is he not picturing that at all?
Tim Sackton: Are they, like… Not picturing the Iron Scourge at all.
Tim Sackton: It seems more transportation than part of their battle plans.
David S. Kong: This is classic, classic fucking Battle of Lexington and Concord, like, like, we… there's… we do not fight this at a fucking conventional army, like, against conventional army. We spend 7 days pestering the fuck out of them.
David S. Kong: And dropping fucking boulders and all kinds of weird shit on top of them while they're all packed in together on this transportation centipede. Like, we do not… we do not… we pick off, like, a thousand of them and fuck with them.
Mike: So…
Mike: any other… detect thoughts only lasts a minute, and I'm actually out of spell slots, so we probably got one more question. Any other thoughts?
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, but then it was also just the, you know, like, yeah, the battle mages, like, what's the structure like? Like, so you got the… are there… you mentioned battalions of, like, 800….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you pretty much already. It seems like, at least the way he was visualizing it, if you assume that each fireball is a mage, you know, a battalion of 800 might have between 3 and 5 battle mages, and then…
Tim Sackton: A bank, you know, a good bank of archers, and then…
Tim Sackton: Most of them are just soldiers.
David S. Kong: So there's, like, 5 of these, basically.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's, like.
Mike: Wow.
Mike: There's 5 battalions, right? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's, like, 5 battalions.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Cool.
David S. Kong: This is great.
David S. Kong: Did they fight?
Mike: That's good.
David S. Kong: Let's go and fuck him up at camp every night, like….
Mike: what's… is there anything else you want to ask him? Oh! …
Mike: Were they planning on sacking any cities or taking plunder before they, …
Mike: Before they got to the heart.
Mike: Wait.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: That's for us to know, and you to find out when we plunder your cities.
Tim Sackton: And in his mind, he's listening to his… he's…
Tim Sackton: Thinking back to the, like, rousing speech the Empress of Chaos gave as they were setting out.
Tim Sackton: Where she says… We will.
Tim Sackton: We will corrupt their land.
Tim Sackton: As soon as we reach… The Secret Heart.
Tim Sackton: And Chaos takes it over.
Tim Sackton: Darkness will flow through their water.
Tim Sackton: The people will die, and the cities will be yours for the taking. All the plunder will be yours with no…
Tim Sackton: Concern. Let us first corrupt.
Tim Sackton: A land.
David S. Kong: Okay, I was literally gonna ask, what do they eat? Like, we need to poison all of them. Like, like, at night, like, their camp. Like, poison all their food and shit? Like, what are they eating? The hobgoblins.
David S. Kong: What, like, what do they eat?
Tim Sackton: … Awesome… yeah, okay, you've got… this is your last question.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's fine.
Tim Sackton: Detect thoughts as ending as he's thinking.
Tim Sackton: He looks up at you, and he smiles, and bears his teeth, and he says, Human Flesh!
David S. Kong: ….
Tim Sackton: And then he's thinking, like, … Apparently.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And somehow….
Tim Sackton: At least in his visualization.
Tim Sackton: The… when they camp at night.
Tim Sackton: Somehow, this, like, food grows off of the centipede, and that's what they're eating.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's so gross!
Mike: Nothing at all.
David S. Kong: What kind of food?
Tim Sackton: ….
David S. Kong: Like, what are they eating in the visualization?
Tim Sackton: Like, meat, mostly?
David S. Kong: grown from the centipede? The fuck?
Tim Sackton: Yeah? They're, like, there's, you know, hobgoblins going through with machetes and, like, harvesting
Tim Sackton: Steaks off the side of the centipede, and then throwing them on big fires and roasting them.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Probably mad.
Mike: There's… there's somebody we'd like you to meet.
Mike: Show in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: vanishes.
Mike: I'll bring Revka back.
Tim Sackton: Oh, almost made it face. Nope, but failed.
Mike: … We'll bring Revka back.
Mike: And I will tell her.
Mike: … that one of the Iron Fang Soldiers is trapped here.
Mike: And we're going to, … Release him into her cell.
Mike: Learn from him what you can.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: We'll talk soon.
Tim Sackton: This will be fun.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… That's do it.
Mike: Right? We're combining the cells?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's do it.
Mike: We're doing it!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Sells off your minds.
Mike: That's… Put that aside, … Let's report back.
Mike: I'll report back to the… Perrin in particular, get, … what was his name?
Mike: Gooseme… Who is the, who is the Aussenberg?
Tim Sackton: Guillaume?
Mike: Yo.
Mike: But to Perrin and Guillaume in particular, that… are, ….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I hear you, Eric. We'll probably stop.
Tim Sackton: In the next, like, half hour.
Tim Sackton: We won't do any major battles tonight, for sure.
Tim Sackton: Good night.
Mike: G'day.
Tim Sackton: have you here.
Mike: … So I'll tell them that we interrogated the… our Hobgoblin prisoner with magic.
Mike: And his thoughts revealed.
Mike: … That's… the Empress's speech to them, at least.
Mike: was… That they were gonna corrupt the land first.
Mike: And then plunge at the cities.
Tim Sackton: They… they sort of nod, like, there's, you know, there's…
Tim Sackton: Crowds kind of milling about as you go talk, and, like, people are very curious about you, and they're sort of following you around, and you pull them aside, and they're… they're clearly sort of trading a little bit on their…
Tim Sackton: The fact that you're coming to bring them messages, like…
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is all… like, everything in Arbez operates purely. It's, like, very much, like…
Tim Sackton: you know, representative democracy style, right? So these… these are folks who were…
Tim Sackton: Chosen by their communities to represent their communities at the…
Tim Sackton: At this council, and there's a little bit of, like, politicians in them, and they're, like, playing up the, like…
Tim Sackton: But they appreciate the message.
Mike: …
Mike: And then separately, we should get the militias together. We should get the commanders of the militias together, I mean…
Mike: I think Kedzo's right, like, guerrilla attacks here. They camp.
Mike: They camp at night. Sorry, they camp during the day, they camp during the hottest part of the day.
Mike: So, like…
Mike: what can we do during the hottest part? Like, they won't be going… it'll take them longer to get here than we thought. They're definitely camping. It won't be 6 days when they're here.
Mike: And we should, like, come up with plans for….
Tim Sackton: They might hit the plateau in 6 days. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Correct.
Tim Sackton: Then it might be another day or two.
Tim Sackton: Probably another 2 days for them to hit the….
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: the, the valley.
David S. Kong: Starting as soon after we get a long rest, we harass them every day. Every day we harass that army on its way out here.
David S. Kong: On this way.
Mike: Like, are you thinking we just, like…
Mike: Fly teleport to them and, like, try and… attack.
Mike: What, what, what's harass… what kind of harassment can we carry out?
David S. Kong: Well, it'd be great, for one thing, to figure out, like, how that centipede works, and if there's a good way to disrupt it.
David S. Kong: That would be great. If we can, you know, mess that, disturb that somehow. It's the source of their food and their transportation.
Mike: Yup.
David S. Kong: So, if there's some meaningful way to disrupt that, that would be great.
David S. Kong: I really like the idea of, of, … Yeah, like…
David S. Kong: Aerial attacks, dropping stuff on them.
David S. Kong: Giant boulders.
David S. Kong: Can we… we can do… can we… can we fly an army of, like… can we fly, like, a large number of giant eagles every day, and just, like, have them drop, like, boulders on top of the army?
Tim Sackton: You're… you're limited by the range of the… Eagles, so…
Tim Sackton: I mean, yeah, you could… You could get out there.
Tim Sackton: Probably in a couple of days, they'll be close enough that you could fly out.
Tim Sackton: Harass them and fly back.
Tim Sackton: In the duration of the spout, like, in 24 hours.
David S. Kong: And how many can we do every day? How many eagles can we fly out every day?
Tim Sackton: Like, a few hundred.
David S. Kong: it… that is incredibly meaningful. Like, we flat a few eagle… 100 eagles every day.
David S. Kong: So I can go pick up big-ass boulders and drop them on them every day. That seems awesome. For, like, at least, what, 4 days? 4 or 5 days?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean… So… You know, you can't do anything today, because your Seeker's out of spell slots.
Tim Sackton: But if you rest, and then you want to do something in the morning, they'll be a bit closer.
Tim Sackton: … I mean, I think my, just, metagame, my… Plan was we'd…
Tim Sackton: Play through the evening of this day in-game.
Tim Sackton: And maybe add with a little bit of the… Marcella conversation.
Tim Sackton: But then next… next session, I don't want to start a harassment plan this session, because…
Tim Sackton: It's a little late.
Tim Sackton: To start a combat.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's great.
Tim Sackton: … So yeah, so you could start the next day, …
Tim Sackton: It might be… they might be a little bit far for… for Eagle Army.
Tim Sackton: Just by tomorrow morning, but the day after that, they should be definitely in range of Eagle Army.
Tim Sackton: ….
Mike: dope.
Mike: Actually….
Tim Sackton: In 4 days, like, a few days.
Tim Sackton: Two days before they hit the plateau, you'll have Vindr Sharna.
Mike: Once we avenge Asharna, there's all kinds of things we could do.
Tim Sackton: Right, but I think my goal is to…
Tim Sackton: Although maybe this won't work, but…
Tim Sackton: Figure out what you're gonna… figure out your plans, like, tonight, and then next session.
Tim Sackton: Not spend a ton of time rehashing plans.
Mike: I mean….
Tim Sackton: You can change things depending on how the stuff goes, often.
Mike: It's true, right? I think our plan is to…
Mike: I mean, there's two things we could do, right? We could go ourselves.
Mike: And try and do more of the, like… long range.
Mike: attacks, or… Try to just… See if we could, you know, make some attempt at, can we break the…
Mike: You know, can we sabotage the… Centipede, like, if we…
Mike: bury ourselves in the ground? Can we…
Mike: I don't know, let it go over us, and then jump up and do something, and, like…
Mike: Is there… I don't know, is there anything… I don't… don't know if there's anything we could do to the creature… the moving creature, but we could try, right?
Mike: So we could go back ourselves, and either try and sabotage the thing.
Mike: Or try to draw off the, … the Empress, right?
Mike: Or just… I mean… you know.
Mike: I don't know how much good it does to go…
Mike: Kill 10 Hobgoblins and then run away.
Mike: That seems sort of…
Mike: But they're packed pretty tight, so… Area of Effect spells?
Mike: can be pretty….
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Right? Like….
Tim Sackton: So, so just, just metagame. Basically, your idea is… starting tomorrow, run harassment.
Tim Sackton: Much as you can.
Tim Sackton: For as long as you can.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: See what happens.
Mike: Yes, I think that's right.
Mike: Does that sound right?
Mike: Sounds right to me.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… Unless there's anything else you wanna… Disgust.
Mike: Oh, I want a short rest, and then I want to scry.
Mike: Okay. And see if… see if… I don't know how useful scrying is, but I want to try and scry, and I also want to…
Mike: … I also want to, …
Mike: … Catstream.
Mike: It's the middle of the day, right? I want to try and catch it, see if she's sleeping in the middle of the day.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: And I'll… and it's the middle of the day, I can wait, and…
Mike: I guess, do you have to go to sleep to… I forget how dream works.
Mike: Okay, you enter a trans state to access Dream Messenger. So…
Mike: it's fine, I could just… I'm gonna… I'm gonna short rest, and then scry, and then cast stream.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I mean, it's possible that it will work, but I'm just curious what happens.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: crying.
Tim Sackton: Plus 5. Well… I mean, you haven't really met her.
Mike: Yeah, I was just saying, I… either one seems fair to me, 5 plus 5, or…
Mike: It would be perfectly reasonable, I think, to call it plus 5.
Tim Sackton: ….
Mike: So, DC.
Tim Sackton: How about you?
Tim Sackton: I'd say it's plus 3.
Mike: Chair.
Tim Sackton: Because… I mean, you have the target's picture or other likeness.
Tim Sackton: It's just you know what they look like, right? I mean….
Mike: Wow.
Mike: The idea is it's… it harkens back to witchcraft myths.
Tim Sackton: Whereas you have….
Mike: Excellent.
Mike: But, like, Seeker can create a little image, right? Like….
Tim Sackton: Yeah….
Mike: I don't know.
Mike: Whatever you want.
Tim Sackton: As I asked plus 5, … So what's your DC?
Mike: 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay, … you… C… the camp.
Tim Sackton: Most of the Hobgoblins are just, like, passed across the ground.
Tim Sackton: … the… your…
Tim Sackton: you're inside an ash cloud, because the sensor appears within 10 feet of the creature that you're targeting. There's, like, a…
Tim Sackton: Billowing cloud of ash that's up above you, blocking the sun, and extends as far, like.
Tim Sackton: 60, 70, 80 feet.
Tim Sackton: as far as you can see, essentially covering this entire… probably more than, actually, because, like, all of the Hobgoblins are off the beast now. Most of them are…
Tim Sackton: … Just, like, sort of cast on the ground, wrapped in cloaks.
Tim Sackton: Resting… In, you know, small haphazard groups, all underneath this, like, billowing cloud.
Tim Sackton: The Empress herself.
Tim Sackton: … is… Standing.
Tim Sackton: pacing around.
Tim Sackton: Kind of walking the perimeter a little bit, …
Tim Sackton: You can… you can hear through Scry, right?
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: You can hear, there's clearly several patrols.
Tim Sackton: That are marching just outside the ash cloud.
Tim Sackton: … And every now and then, she'll, like, shout a check, just like some, you know, all-clear…
Tim Sackton: All's clear, reply, call and response.
Tim Sackton: Scry lasts for 10 minutes.
Mike: Dry lasts for 10, I'm double checking.
Mike: … what's the duration?
Mike: Tender, that's yes.
Tim Sackton: … The sensor's following her as she moves, and after, …
Tim Sackton: You notice that the, like, metal of her armor is kind of, you know, flowing.
Tim Sackton: Moving around her, and… … As she paces… After, like, 2-3 minutes.
Tim Sackton: She stops.
Tim Sackton: And the… the armor, the, like, metal sort of drops down over her eyes, and she turns.
Tim Sackton: And she looks directly at the scrying sensor.
Tim Sackton: She holds up her hand.
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna say this happens. I don't know if this is actually right, but she takes… she holds up her hand.
Tim Sackton: She tosses, and this glob of metal flies off.
Tim Sackton: Her hand, and wraps itself around the eye.
Tim Sackton: Which I'm gonna say blinds it, although you can still hear, I guess.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: And then you hear her footsteps retreating.
Tim Sackton: And you see, actually, occasional flashes.
Tim Sackton: As the metal is wrapped around the eye, you see… like…
Tim Sackton: It's almost like a flashing after effect, like, you know, you stare at a bright light, and then you close your eyes, and… but it's not… it's not just an abstract pattern, like…
Tim Sackton: very briefly see… … What looks like… a rock?
Tim Sackton: A giant rock.
Tim Sackton: Floating in a mist, like a misty cloud of multicolored lights, and there's…
Tim Sackton: There's, like, tendrils reaching up out of the cloud, like… Stretching like that.
Tim Sackton: And as that happens, the rock… Turns from solid rock.
Tim Sackton: Into cloud itself, begins to sink down into the cloud, then the cloud turns into liquid and spreads apart and then slowly begins freezing.
Tim Sackton: A rock-now cloud begins to touch the liquid.
Tim Sackton: And then that flashes… away.
Tim Sackton: And you can hear the… still the sounds of the all-clear checks as she's patrolling the perimeter.
Tim Sackton: And then you see another flash, just like a…
Tim Sackton: Very chaotic, random pattern of lights.
Tim Sackton: And then the spell ends.
Mike: He was the one doing the patrolling.
Tim Sackton: She was patrolling, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, there was obviously hobgoblins outside.
Mike: Yay!
Tim Sackton: She was, like, doing a circuit around the ash perimeter.
Mike: And the ash perimeter was… Fully obscure, right? Like, you couldn't see through it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can't see through it.
Mike: So it's tough to, like, show up and throw spells.
Mike: Down at them.
Mike: Although… I'm just… I'm just thinking about all the nasty things Secret could do with Wish.
Tim Sackton: Unless you have spells that don't require line of sight.
Mike: Sunburst.
Mike: A point you choose within range.
Tim Sackton: 60-foot radius here, that's pretty big.
Mike: And 100 feet, if he doubles it twice, that's 600 feet away. Because being Vin Disharna, 600 feet away, and drop a 60-foot radius sunburst, you'd kill a ton of them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah?
Mike: do that, like… Do that, like, 5 times, like, 4 times, if you have 4 days worth of time.
Mike: I mean, that's pretty effective.
Mike: But yes, you need something that's… that doesn't require…
Mike: A point, a point you can see.
Tim Sackton: Night.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so as the spraying ends…
Tim Sackton: ….
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: He's obviously not sleeping.
Mike: Yeah. So… Yes.
Tim Sackton: Probably not worthwhile.
Mike: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: … The afternoon passes with messages being sent.
Tim Sackton: Daweth sort of turns into the command center with Lynxes running out.
Tim Sackton: They also have rave, you know, they have pigeons that are gonna distribute messages as well, but, anything…
Tim Sackton: That the links can do will happen faster, and so there's a lot of messages going about repositioning, about…
Tim Sackton: You know, pulling forces into the, central…
Tim Sackton: part of the plateau, a battle plan begins to be drawn up. Troop movements are planned for.
Tim Sackton: This ends up taking… You know.
Tim Sackton: A good part of the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: As sort of logistics, and, you know, because the links, it'll go an hour.
Tim Sackton: Then it comes back, and then it has to go out for another message, so… so just, you know, it's not instantaneous, right?
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Completely speeds up the whole process.
Tim Sackton: And… By, you know, dinner time.
Tim Sackton: You know, news has spread, through the… Through three wells.
Tim Sackton: Everything that's happening.
Tim Sackton: And… At this point, you know, you have a quiet minute.
Tim Sackton: I think… Maybe I'll just wait, like, a couple minutes for Schwartz.
Mike: Yeah. And we….
Tim Sackton: Do, like, 15 minutes of… Closing.
Tim Sackton: chatting with Marcella, Wrapping things, and then… There.
Mike: Yeah, sounds good.
Tim Sackton: And then we'll pick up.
Tim Sackton: Next time… Harassment campaign and guerrilla warfare.
David S. Kong: … Yeah, it's like not the Minutemen, it's like the, you know…
David S. Kong: Whatever the fuck this is. Whatever gorilla… gorilla version of the….
Mike: But it's… I mean, yeah, it's like… it's… it's….
David S. Kong: It's literally that. It's like the Redcoats are marching to fucking… whatever the place is, and….
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: On a giant metal centipede, you know?
Mike: Bye.
Mike: I think our harassment campaign could be pretty effective.
David S. Kong: It's gonna be extremely effective.
Mike: I'm just looking at all the spells that… Because Secret could cast any…
Mike: spell in the game with Wish.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, Meteor Swarm would be helpful here.
Mike: Yeah, but that's 9th. He can't cast that.
Tim Sackton: Or actually, it has relatively limited use, but… where does it? …
Tim Sackton: What is it called?
Mike: Wow, hold on. Tsunami?
Mike: Rage, 1 mile?
Mike: The wall is 300 feet long, 300 feet high, and 50 feet thick.
Mike: Why doesn't Seeker just make a giant wall of water, kill all the Hobgoblins?
David S. Kong: What do you mean, why doesn't he? Like, of course we should do that.
Mike: I mean… That seems totally broken.
Mike: 60-10 bludgeoning damage.
Mike: An edge creature in the area of the wall.
Mike: And then it shrinks each turn. So it's 3… it starts 300 feet high, and it gets 50 feet lower each turn.
Mike: As the giant… wall of water sweeps through them. Sweeps through, 50 feet a turn.
Mike: I'm not totally sure why you wouldn't just… that wouldn't just kill all of them.
Tim Sackton: I mean, 60-10 bludgeoning damage is only….
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Well, that's more than a Hobgoblin should have.
Mike: Right? 30 on average?
Mike: I mean, half of them will make their… potentially some of them, but it's a tough save, because it's… it's Seeker's DC.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: I mean, this is the problem with high-level spellcasters, is actually they can solve every problem in the game.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's specifically the problem with women's weight.
Mike: Yes, exactly.
Mike: It does seem like a repeated casting of Tsumami over and over again.
Mike: Would devastate them pretty badly.
Mike: I think that should be our strategy.
Mike: I don't see how they survived that. But anyway, we'll see what happens next time. You could plan for how they're gonna survive repeated castings of Tsunami.
Tim Sackton: We'll see.
Mike: I'm gonna, I'm gonna… I gotta tell Eric about that one.
Mike: Yeah, that's definitely the best option, because the range is a mile, so he could be a mile away.
Tim Sackton: Right, I mean…
Tim Sackton: Right, although how do you… I guess you have to be able… you still target it, you have to point at your…
Tim Sackton: Because it only wa- it only lasts for….
Mike: 6 rounds, so if you don't… Correct.
Tim Sackton: Get the exact right.
Tim Sackton: starting point.
Mike: But as a point you choose, so as long as you can… as long as you can see the cloud…
Mike: It becomes pretty devastating.
Mike: I mean, the waiter… It's only the first…
Mike: It's only 50 feet thick, so only the first 50 feet takes the full damage, and then each, as it moves, each additional 50 foot takes 5 to 10 less damage.
Mike: Until it's passed through all of them, and the last section only takes 1d10 damage. So really, it would only kill maybe a third of them.
Mike: And then they'd have an opportunity to come up with some way to defend against it before we kill all of them.
Tim Sackton: They would kill… The centipede is 400 feet, was more than 400 feet long.
Mike: So I guess it would only kill… it would probably only kill a quarter of them.
Mike: And then damage. It wouldn't even get all the way through the centipede.
Mike: But still.
David S. Kong: We can do that every day, right?
Mike: Well, if they don't come up with a way to stop us, yeah?
David S. Kong: Of course, we do this shit every day. We fuckin' tsunami them, drop Sunfire shit, fuckin', you know… Wow.
Mike: I can only cast one 8th level… one of these spells a day, because it requires his 9th level slot.
David S. Kong: perfect. Then it becomes, like, a biblical story that the Hobgoblins themselves for centuries, like.
Mike: It absolutely is a biblical story. Today, it was the burst of sun, tomorrow it was the….
David S. Kong: Exactly.
Mike: Tsunami of death.
David S. Kong: Oh my god, I wonder… I wonder if we can even turn this into, like, a psychological campaign of terror against the soldiers, where they're like, look at what your false leader is bringing upon you.
Mike: That's a great idea.
David S. Kong: Yay?
David S. Kong: So Schwartz, like, we're gonna be able to do biblical shit to them every day. Like, Tsunami, we can cast Tsunami, which is gonna be this, like, super fucked up, crazy fuck-em-up spell. We do the, we do the, Army of Eagles, we can do that, like, starting tomorrow.
David S. Kong: And then, what was that? You can drop, like, a giant ball of, like, sun that's, like, 600 feet wide, or what was that?
Mike: feet, but….
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: a ball of… so Seeker… so Wish is a totally broken spell, because you can cast any spell in the game that's 8th level or lower. So I was just looking at 8th level evacuation spells that do a lot of damage. So, like, Tsunami is a way….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm looking at it.
Mike: Like, pretty good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 60-10 bludgeoning damage?
David S. Kong: Yeah, sure, sure. Oh my god, oh my god. Let's plan this out in advance, what's gonna happen each day, and then send, like.
Mike: We should….
David S. Kong: telepathic message to the fucking leaders of the army and be like, expect, like, this biblical shit. Day one, the days of the waters are gonna come. And day two, the fucking, you know, right? You know?
Mike: Let's do the tsunami… okay, here's the plan. Do the tsunami first, and then I'll send my links. My links can speak out loud.
David S. Kong: Oh, great.
Mike: I can announce the message, right? And I'll send my links and say, you have been found wanting the god, you know, you've been punished by the tsunami, please, abandon, abandon the Empress of Chaos, or the Fire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sun will burn.
Mike: And then we'll sunburst them the next day, and then it'll send them away.
David S. Kong: No, send the links today, and tell them about the tsunami tomorrow. You know what I'm saying? Every night or that morning, we're like, if you do not abandon your leader, da-da-da, right? And then we hit him with the thing.
David S. Kong: So they don't think we should….
Mike: You don't think we should do one unexpected one?
Mike: I think we should do one surprise attack.
David S. Kong: I think we do, I think we do the tsunami, but, like, we do, we, we alert them, like.
David S. Kong: like, half an hour before. So it's like, it's like, it's not like a day before, it's like, so we say, like, you know, the, the, you know, whatever, we say some shit, hit them with the thing, and then be like, leave, or tomorrow we bring the fire, right? And then we, and then, you know, each day we hit them with a thing, and then tell them what we're gonna do the next day.
Mike: I just… I don't want them to, like…
Mike: Turn the centipede inside out into an impenetrable wall of force and hide inside it or something.
David S. Kong: Fine, fine. We hit them with the fire, the water the first day. But I think we should announce it. As soon as the tsunami is coming, we say, you know, we abandon your false leader, right? We sow discord.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Half the links go and say, I am the spirit of the heart of the land, and like, and this land is turning against you, now it turns out….
Mike: And generic.
Mike: I like that, like, a generic, don't tell them what's coming at first, right? Send the first message as.
Mike: the land, you are… you are… you are leaving the safety of the Plaguelands. Your Empress has not told you the dangers that await you.
Mike: Right? And everybody will just, like, just, like, flee now.
Mike: Turn away from this land before the land rises against you.
Mike: Just generic warning.
Mike: Do we think this is too arrogant, though? I just… I'm a tiny bit nervous that, like, we should get off a massive spell attack against them.
Mike: Before they think that we're gonna attack them and have time to prepare defenses.
David S. Kong: You're talking about for the tsunami?
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, the tsunami we can hit them with first, that's fine. And then we can hit them with the tsunami, but… but then… but then, we should deliver the message with the links after we've done a shit ton of damage to them, and be like, you're… you're… you are following.
Mike: Maybe do this. Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: false leader, that tomorrow, if you have not abandoned your leader.
Mike: turned against you today. Tomorrow, it will be the.
David S. Kong: Exactly, exactly, exactly. And just tomorrow, it'll be the sun, and that's it. Like, what the fuck does that mean? And then we drop…
David S. Kong: rain fireballs on down on them. And then it'll be like, tomorrow, and then tomorrow, it will be the beasts. You do not listen to the water or the sun, tomorrow it will be the beasts. And yeah, we just turn it into fucking biblical shit every single day, those motherfuckers.
Mike: So we gotta think through, I mean… so the idea would be that we… Why…
Mike: What, animal shapes and fly to a point relatively near to them?
Mike: And then… hit them with magic, and then teleport away.
David S. Kong: No, we, we, we do, we do, starting, I think, Tsunami Day 1. Are there any.
Mike: Yeah, but….
David S. Kong: Like Tsunami?
Mike: I mean… The other really good big danger spells are Sunburst.
David S. Kong: That's great. What, Sunburst?
Mike: Sunburst generates a…
Mike: Bright sunlight in a 60-foot radius sphere, which does 2d12 damage, so everything within 60 foot radius of the sphere. Sphere takes 2D6 radiant… 12D6 radiant damage.
David S. Kong: 12D6.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How long is this thing, Zoe?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's instant.
Mike: The sunburst is instant, but it's 60 foot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, how long, how long is the thing there all running?
Tim Sackton: The centipede is, like, 400 to 500 feet long and 200 feet wide, roughly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I never realized it was that wide, wow.
Mike: It's huge.
Mike: Yeah, because it's carrying 4,000.
Tim Sackton: 4,000 troops.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: And the camp extends some distance out in a circle from the centipede.
David S. Kong: So, so, like, okay, but what other, what other mass array dance, like, cause one other thing we're definitely gonna do, right, is sending hundreds of eagles, each eagle carrying, like, you know, a fucking, like.
David S. Kong: Giant boulder and or, like, boulder dipped in oil.
Mike: The problem is we can't see.
Mike: So the centipede is billowing out a cloud of ash that you can't see through.
Mike: Right? So, I mean, I'm not against… I think we can drop stuff on them, but it's gonna be…
Mike: It's gonna be hard to… harder to hit than we think, and they're gonna be able to respond, presumably by, like, making the ash cloud even bigger, so it's even harder to hit our targets.
Mike: and stuff like that, right? Like….
David S. Kong: Is there… is there a way to blow away the ash cloud?
Mike: Ow. You know what, there is a… there's a spell called Whirlwind.
David S. Kong: What's that, dude?
Mike: I gotta look it up again. I was looking at it earlier. I think it's a 7th level spell.
Mike: Earthquake… hold on, I got distracted. Earthquake.
David S. Kong: Does it sound cool? Yeah.
Mike: Earthquake is 500 foot range.
David S. Kong: Great.
Mike: Intense tremors lit through the ground.
Mike: …
Mike: You can… you can create fissures.
Mike: … I don't know if earthquakes actually… I mean, you can… you can deal 50 bludgeoning damage to a structure in contact with the ground?
David S. Kong: Hold on. Don't we want to always be attacking them when they camp in the daytime? When they're not even on the centimede, and they're fucking.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: But….
Mike: Probably the right time, yeah.
David S. Kong: They're roasting their fucking centipede meat, you know?
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I love it.
Mike: Earthquake's probably not the best move, actually, because we're not gonna destroy the centipede, I don't think. And, ….
David S. Kong: Wait, they're making camp… do they make camp during the hottest part of the day? So, are they even in shade? Like, what are they doing? Do they… like, there's 4,000.
Tim Sackton: Underneath a giant ash cloud.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Even though the cloud is…
David S. Kong: The ash cloud extends out and forms a….
Tim Sackton: Dark shell over them.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: At all.
Mike: ….
David S. Kong: Whether they're moving on the centipede.
Tim Sackton: Well, when they're moving on the centipede, it's much thinner, like, you could see…
Tim Sackton: When they're camped, it's, like, when dealt with scryed.
Tim Sackton: you could not see the sun. It was, like, you could only see with darkvision. It was, like, dark inside.
David S. Kong: So it's probably better to hit them when they're moving, though.
David S. Kong: So we can actually… like, when they're moving, you can actually… you can see… you said you can see shapes, so if we're, like, flying.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they're, like, lightly obscured when they're moving.
David S. Kong: Okay, fine.
Tim Sackton: But they're total cover.
Tim Sackton: when they're… Camped.
Mike: Incendiary Cloud?
Tim Sackton: It's not that great, that's only a 20-foot radius sphere.
Mike: Yeah, that's true.
Mike: But it lasts for the duration.
Tim Sackton: And it moves, I guess the fact that it moves. Right.
Mike: So….
David S. Kong: How much.
Mike: The thing about that is it can sweep down the whole wine, right? It'll only get one side, but….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Proof!
Tim Sackton: Well, a 20-foot radius sphere is not gonna…
Tim Sackton: That's, like, a quarter of one side.
Mike: Yes, yeah.
Mike: It's not that, it's not that bad.
Tim Sackton: It's….
Mike: It's… 10d8 fire damage. None of them is gonna survive that.
Mike: Right? Because that's, what, 3? That's, like, 30?
Tim Sackton: It only moves 10 feet away, so you can outrun it.
Mike: Yes.
David S. Kong: Tsunami every day?
Mike: No, I think we should mix it up, I think that's scarier.
David S. Kong: I agree. Well, okay, but what else do we have other than tsuna? Okay, how much damage can an eagle dropping, like, a big-ass boulder on them do?
Mike: I mean, there's some good 7th level spells, too. Firestorm….
David S. Kong: Yeah, but Animal Shapes is the big… that's the big… you know, that's… 400 fucking flying eagles is one of our….
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: How much did I have that?
Tim Sackton: Animal shapes is likely less useful for… Harassment, to be honest, because…
Tim Sackton: an… an eagle's not gonna be… I mean, an eagle's not gonna be doing…
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're just dropping stuff, right? Like, it's not…
Tim Sackton: This isn't… this isn't Boulder Ladder, right? This is, like… I mean, it's…
Tim Sackton: A hobgoblin can very likely survive.
Tim Sackton: you dropping stuff. I mean, not all of them will survive, but, like, a decent… it won't… it's not an auto-kill the way…
Tim Sackton: Tsunami is.
David S. Kong: But if it's, like, 4….
Tim Sackton: 400 rhinoceroses is much… is a much stronger Army, then 400.
Tim Sackton: you know, Farmers with… Pole axes.
Tim Sackton: So when you're….
Mike: See?
Tim Sackton: Fighting in close quarters, it's really useful to have the animal shapes.
David S. Kong: Alright, what else will I be doing for harassment, then?
Mike: Whirlwind?
Mike: I mean, I think… I actually like the idea of a bunch of different… we have wind, we can cast Whirlwind to generate wind, its range is 300 feet.
Mike: That's a point you can see.
Mike: Which isn't ideal.
Mike: But it can move 30 feet any direction, so we could put it down outside the ash cloud and then spin it into the cloud, right?
Mike: … Firestorm is not a point you can see, it's just a point. It creates 10 cylinders of fire.
Mike: That just burn people that do, like, quite a bit of damage.
Mike: … Ehhh…
Mike: We could… Tsunami's a good one.
Mike: …
Mike: Those are, like, the best 3, Sunbursts. I mean, that's 4 right there. Whirlwind, Firestorm, Sunburst, …
Mike: Tsunami?
David S. Kong: What level are those? Are those all 7th level spells?
Tim Sackton: Anthony.
Mike: Between 7th and 8th.
Mike: But Seeker would have to use his wish every day.
Tim Sackton: They're all Wish, they all require Seeker's 9th level slot, because nobody knows any of those spells.
Mike: Correct.
David S. Kong: Cool, let's do it. I like it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… You spend the afternoon plotting and planning.
Tim Sackton: And before we wrap for tonight, let's take 10 minutes or so to… include the conversation with Marcella.
Tim Sackton: As you settle in, To camp this night, after having made plans and sent a lot of messages.
Tim Sackton: And have a strategy for the next day.
Tim Sackton: Settle down just to catch up a little bit.
Tim Sackton: She looks… first thing she said, like, as you sit, she's… I mean, she's super grateful, she's like…
Tim Sackton: It was a… It was… it was just a gas.
Tim Sackton: Maybe you'd get my message, and maybe you'd come, and… I can't.
Tim Sackton: I am… I don't know what's gonna happen, but… I am…
Tim Sackton: I'm deeply grateful that you are here.
Tim Sackton: But, let's… Not talk of… the future now, I'd love to hear What's happening in Chardon?
Tim Sackton: Heard some rather crazy rumors about… Bosto and… The Academy falling apart, and… Riots, and… And…
Tim Sackton: How is Hector, and how is Vola, and… How's everybody doing?
David S. Kong: … Fasto's dead. Chardon…
David S. Kong: Reorganizing.
David S. Kong: Emperor trying his best.
David S. Kong: Shaylight… Hopefully soon, out of the hands of the oligarchs.
David S. Kong: Potential for some justice.
David S. Kong: 50-50.
Mike: your… Duh, duh.
Mike: those have… Those of your friends who had been caught in the… magic of…
Mike: Fausto's corruption have all been released from it.
Tim Sackton: That's good to hear.
Mike: Hector is with us.
Mike: … He should be here soon, as we said, he's traveling with our ship.
Mike: Vola… wished to… Escape bad memories.
Tim Sackton: We left her… where did we leave her? Tok? Did we leave her in Tokyo? I can't remember where we left her.
Tim Sackton: G… Left Chardon to go towards Aporia, and see what she found.
Tim Sackton: It seems…
Tim Sackton: Well… I can't complain.
Tim Sackton: And… Hadmos and Cassian?
Tim Sackton: Brought to justice?
Mike: Yes.
Mike: They are… Garmin.
Mike: They did not.
Mike: Unlike… Many, they were… true believers.
Mike: Seek or wish for.
Mike: A second chance.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: I know, Catmosa's mask came off there towards the end.
Tim Sackton: When we first met you, I was… certain I was gonna be…
Tim Sackton: Well… Nobody ever clearly explained what… consequences were.
Tim Sackton: Said something about…
Tim Sackton: Do it, or… You won't remember your failures.
Tim Sackton: Because you won't even be yourself anymore.
Tim Sackton: It's a bad time. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But he's… dead, I hope?
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: She kind of sighs.
Tim Sackton: I'm glad to hear there's…
Tim Sackton: Some chance of justice in that city, I… I don't think I'm ever going back.
David S. Kong: Give it a year.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How has life been for you here?
Tim Sackton: It's been good.
Tim Sackton: The people here, it's not… It's a small community, and…
Tim Sackton: Pretty… insular in some ways, but… They're very welcoming.
Tim Sackton: Of those who…
Tim Sackton: Wish to join, anyway. Come not trying to make waves, but… learn their ways.
Tim Sackton: And the Rangers… You know, I joined up.
Tim Sackton: And… Trying to put my skills to some better use than… In the service of… Cadmos, out of fear.
Tim Sackton: Trying to do something.
Tim Sackton: Out of… I don't know if joy is the right word, but…
Tim Sackton: Well, it's nice when… People are grateful, right?
Tim Sackton: So, I've been at Planklands a bit.
Tim Sackton: Fought some monsters.
Tim Sackton: Survived it.
Tim Sackton: Nothing like what you've done, I'm sure.
Tim Sackton: traveled with… A few interesting folks.
Tim Sackton: Not many halflings, but… Daisy.
Tim Sackton: She's got an interesting story.
Tim Sackton: Should ask her about it sometime.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There we go.
Tim Sackton: She's quite eager for revenge on the Hotgoblins.
Tim Sackton: It's been… yeah, it's been good.
Tim Sackton: So… Home I never thought I'd find when I was…
Tim Sackton: Just doing everything out of fear.
Tim Sackton: How about you?
Tim Sackton: You seem like… You've made quite a name for yourselves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've got up to some things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Saw a lot of new places.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seemed for a minute there like it was quieting back down again, but … Maybe not.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't know, this… Never…
Tim Sackton: heard of anything like this, I guess…
Tim Sackton: since the War of the Ashen Horde, maybe 30 years ago.
Tim Sackton: But… We'll get through it.
Tim Sackton: When did you get a flying castle, by the way?
Tim Sackton: I'm excited to see that.
Mike: It was… Not long after…
Mike: We left you, I think.
Mike: After, after we… after we left Charted, The first time.
Tim Sackton: Bobby, I… I'm sure that you have… many powerful
Tim Sackton: Magic now, and she looks down at her boots, these… Boots are of… I hope no.
Tim Sackton: big loss to you. They, I must say, have acquired some sentimental value for me.
Tim Sackton: But I… I will offer them back, if you would like them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, trade you back, at least… at least for this week,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): These boots, … Are not too slow themselves.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Wait, where did you get the Boots of Speed?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't- wait, are those hers? I thought she'd, ….
Tim Sackton: No, you let her keep all her magic items. They might have been Hector's, the Boots of Speeds were Hector's, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does she have boots of haste?
Tim Sackton: She did not have any… you gave her the boots of false tracks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pulse tracks, that's right.
Tim Sackton: But they were agatas, you gave them to her, and she used them… that was part of how she escaped.
Tim Sackton: By pretending to be kobold tracks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll tell her, no, no, no, keep, keep them, keep them. Those are yours.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I leave fewer and fewer tracks anyways these days.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: Feel like it's gonna be a busy… Weak.
Tim Sackton: I think I will turn in soon.
Tim Sackton: Happy to… Catch up anytime, and…
Tim Sackton: Certainly let me know when Hector gets here, I'm sure I will be.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure I'll be very busy, and… in a… Need a hand or two.
Tim Sackton: Rangers in the fight, and… At some point, we'll have to talk tactics and see what we can do.
Tim Sackton: They help you the most.
Tim Sackton: For tonight, let's just get some rest, and…
Tim Sackton: There will be battles in the morning.
Tim Sackton: Yeah?
Mike: Yeah?
Tim Sackton: kind of… Gives you a nod, like… raises her… water, glass, and… Toast.
Tim Sackton: Leaves you to your rest as she walks off to…
Tim Sackton: catch up with. She seems to know a bunch of people.
Tim Sackton: camps, and she walks off to catch up with people.
Tim Sackton: We'll end there.
Tim Sackton: As you drift off for the night, And we'll pick up again.
Tim Sackton: On… when's our next session?
Mike: Go now.
Tim Sackton: September 11th.
Mike: I was gonna say, it's not for a while, it's after Burning Man.
Tim Sackton: After Burning Man.
David S. Kong: Night of my colonoscopy. Exciting.
Mike: Bright.
Tim Sackton: So, pick up then.
Tim Sackton: And then we'll see how things go, and whether we need to use the… Extra session we've got scheduled.
Mike: Do we only have… Two more sessions between now and….
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: I was gonna say, we should have another….
Tim Sackton: There's a bunch scheduled, but there's more that you have to do before we get to Nantucket than just kill the Empress Kid.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: We've got one… 2… We've got 3 scheduled.
Tim Sackton: Before Nantucket, plus one extra if we need that.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Alright.
David S. Kong: Okay, good night, everybody.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good, yo.